We went shopping for a whiskey night the other day. That's a big fuckoff bottle of Gus N' Bru. It's better to be looking at it then looking for it. You boys getting into it tonight? Yeah, it's a Texassized tenfour. That's a Texassized twosix. That's a Texas Micky, super shooters, let's get cracking. Wayne. What's the problem, Katy? It happened again. What did? Gus left a Mr. Big on the floor this morning. No, he never. He dropped a Hershey bar in the living room just last Tuesday, although upon closer inspection, it did look more like a Hershey's mint. Well, I'd sooner believe that was you, Squirrelly Dan. So watch how you speak on his name, you know? Hey, buddy. He left a Twix on the floor just yesterday. And what made it a Twix as opposed to a Big Turk, Dary? Well, there were two of 'em. They're identical, and they're side by each. Over and out. How would you ask somebody if you wanted just one of their Twix's? Well, just what you said. Can I have one of your Twix's? No, it'd be. Could I have a Twick? In any event, it's starting to look like Willy Wonka's emptying his pockets around your house, good buddy. Now, you's realize the weight of these allegations. These accusations. Can confirm. And you's realize the consequences at hand should your claim be false. Claims is's this. Can confirm's. I'll only give you's one more chance to retract. No questions asked. Before this conversation becomes a confrontation. We wouldn't be bringing it to you if it weren't worth being brought'en. But. Bring it on. Oh, it has been broughten. I'm just kidding around. He's a tenyearold boy, now. He's made me proud for a goddamn decade. He's been a real good bo. He's been such a bo. But he's a senior now. He's on the home stretch, and I'm trying to let him enjoy it. Snoozin' on the furniture, lots of human food. Leash is so long now, she's limp. And he's earned it. So you're just gonna let him drop Baby Ruth's all over the house? As opposed to what, Katy? Just give him a real good, stern talking to. Oh, yeah, and how's that gonna shake down? He's probably half fuckin' deaf. Aren't you, you fuckin' geezer? The same way it shook down for the last decade before you stopped disciplining him, just 'cause he's old. Okay, Katy. Katy, okay, I'm going in. Wish me luck. All right, was that you leaving Crispy Crunchers all over the floor? 'Cause that's a bad dog, don't you do that again, that's bad. Licketysplit. Ah, that's a wee bit aggressive. Oh is that what I'm being, Dary? Well, that's your pal you're talking to over there, fairly accusatory. I'd say give him benefit of the doubt. I wouldn't. Well, you didn't even ask him if he did it there. You just assumed, I think you're better than that. Okay, Dary. Dary, okay, I'm going back in, wish me luck. Aye. Was that you leaving Jersey Milks on the floor? Because that's bad, if that was you, that was bad. Don't you do that again ever, 'cause I'll be there. You're not taking this seriously. Oh, is that what I'm not doing, Katy? No, you're joking around and he knows it. It's, Bad boy, this is a bad boy. Hey, he knows that I'm joking but he doesn't know that you're joking. Don't say bad unless you mean bad. I'm sorry, Gus. That's okay, he's a good boy, he's such a boy. Why don't you just try using your real voice? It may permeate better. Okay, Katy. Katy, okay, I'm going back in. Wish me luck. Hey, bud. I noticed that you've been leaving Caramilks all over the floor, you know what's gonna happen? Someone's gonna step on one in the night and take a header, someone's gonna pull a full gainer down the stairs. Or at the very least, a half gainer. So what you wanna do is do that outside like a good boy. Please and thanks. I thinks we're almost there. Oh, is that where we almost are, Squirrelly Dan? Now, Professor Tricia says that when you're bringing a complaints to someone, they'll be more receptive to altering their behavior if you make it your problem. Make it personal rather than placing the blames on them. What are you fuckin' getting on about over there? May I's? Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Go on in, good luck. Gus, how are you now? Now, we've all noticed the Coffee Crisps around the house, and that's completely natural and nothing for youse to be embarrassed about. But I am quite worried I am going to slip on one and take a full gainer, or. Please look at me when I'm talking, Gus. Now, while I know that that is my problem, I know you don't want this to happen any more than I do. So I'm hoping we can works together to find a resolution to this problem. But besides that, we want you to know, we think you're doing a terrific job around here and we don't want to bothers you anymore than we needs to, so you have yourself a great day. I'm not going to make you sit through that buttfuckery, Bud, away you go. You're a good boy, away you go. Away you go. Look, I know he's just snoozing on the furniture all day, but you take him out for routine number twos. Tenfour? You try taking him out, Katy, he don't wanna. You can say, Hey, Gus, wanna rock one? And if he could talk, he'd say, I've had to rock one for a good seven, eight hours. Don't worry about that right now. I'm gonna grab another quick 20, 25 shuteye here, we'll circle back on the conversation later. But how about some good itchings and scratchings in the meantime? Whoo! Smells like Mr. Wonka's just emptied his pockets in the other room. Fuck. Well, everybody up, help me look. Better to be looking at it, than looking for it, eh? Ladies. Women. It has come to our attention that there may be a young man who has come between you girls. I mean. How do you mean? Well, BettyAnne, MaryAnne. We were told that you may be going for the same guy. Or, or that the same guy may be going for both of you. Impossible. How do you mean? The last guy that was into MaryAnne was the priest at Catholic school in grade six. And only 'cause he thought she was a boy. Well done, BettyAnne. Catholic school, grade six. Isn't that the same year you got the nickname Fisted Sister? Which you gave yourself? Ladies. Women. And a fitting nickname it was, BettyAnne. Your mitt looks like a boa constrictor unhinged its jaw in an effort to consume a combat submarine. BETTY Speaking of consumption, your mitt looks like the drooping jowls of a sharpei with a palsy and a water wing in its mouth. Your mitt looks like the back of Kelsey Grammer's head circa Frasier '94 if the cast each autographed his bald spot with multicolored lipsticks. Your mitt has more spiderwebs than a No Doubt set list, MaryAnne. BettyAnne, your mitt is so dusty, I can hear it singing Son of a Preacher Man. We've gotta go to the source, buddy. It's our only hope, buddy. Ferda. (FARTS, PLOPPING). I'm not helping you titfuckers or those twats. Give your balls a tug. We're at the bottom of the line here, Shoresy. You wanna talk about lines, you fuckin' loser? I woke up to your mum rippin' dickdingers off my foreskin, tell her to keep her hands off my scoops. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy, I made your mum cum so hard they made a Canadian Heritage Minute out of it and Don McKellar played my dick. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly. I made your mum so wet, Trudeau deployed a 24hour infantry unit to stack sand bags around my bed. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you both, your lives are so fuckin' pathetic, I ran a charity 15K to raise awareness for it, you fuckin' losers. Where is he? He was supposed to be here an hour ago. Everyone stay composed. I'm going to sever Everett's phalanges one by one, and forcefeed them to him, fondue style. Your terms are not acceptable, Roald. I'm going to rip off his ears and use them to tickle his taint. Oh, Jesus Christ. I'm going to scalp him of his skin, wear it like a costume, and perform The Rocky Horror Picture Show in its entirety, while he watches. I need to lie down. The end is nigh. Stewart! Would you come down here, please? Everett. Hey, dude. Did you hear all of that? Bits and pieces, something about a picture show in the Rockies. Everett. Give me the. Stewart. Glen? Stewart. Glen. This is. No it's not! .an intervention. Roald. Stewart. Roald! Stewart. Unhand Roaldie. Come. Sit. Stay. But. But. Oh, I like you. You're coming with me and Glen. Where? To a place where you can get away. Yeah. You can't mean. Oh, yes, Stewart. You don't mean. Yes, Stewart. No! Stewart. You're going to rehab. No! Yes. No. Yes. No! Yes. Ladies. Women. Sorry. It's okay. Um, we spoke with Shoresy. You did? And? And he, um. What? He said. What? He said you suck at hockey. Huh? Yeah, he said you should stick to Ringette. Huh? Yeah, he said that you should never ever let a woman do a man's job. He did?. Yeah. I was standing there like, What is this guy saying? And then he said, Who let the broads out of the kitchen? He did not. Yeah. And we were like, What? You can't say that. And he's like, Yeah, I can. They should be making me my supper. And I was, Whoa, dude. Did he? Yeah. I mean, we're like, Dude, you're crazy. Then he said, I mean, how'd they find time for hockey, while they're cleaning the floors and doing my laundry. Did he? Yeah, and that's not even. That's not even the craziest part. Like we were. And believe us, we had had enough at this point, but we were like, Are you sure about this? And he was like, Anybody can go backtoback. Yeah, and we're like, Dude, you better stop talking about those girls like that. Mmm. Better stop talking about those women like that. But he said, Talk to me when they go backtoback toback. That's what he said. MaryAnne. BettyAnne. What rhymes with hip, lip and dip? Ship. What rhymes with coat, note and tote? Boat. Why don't you say you, me and the girls put another one on the water? Backtobacktoback! You're driving. Would if I could, but I can't. Okay. You boys leaning into one tonight? Well, it's better to be looking at it than looking for it. How about our very own Shamrockettes? Playing for the fuckin' 'ship. When a local team plays for the championship, that's something the whole town can get behind. Creates a pretty good sense of community, too. And a series sweeps, no less. A wee bit of Meryl Sweep. Sweep in wolf's clothing. The lion sweeps tonight. Drive safe. Stewart gets out of rehab today, so I'm keeping it local. Pitterpatter. Wayne. Dwayne. Daryl. Cheryl. Dan. Pam. See youse brought your brooms. Shop's nothing but a couple sideroads down, though. Oh, youse didn't hear? We're working for Sweep Country Canada now. Don't fear the sweeper. Why don't you use those brooms and show us that little dance those fellows do in Mary Poppins? If we offer you a beer are we sweeping with the enemies, or. You should've used those brooms to sweep the cobwebs off of Letterkenny's trophy case. Well, it's good you got the beer sorted, but is that Donegal tap water still stinky, or. Youse got a liberal amount of beer there, not sure it's gonna be enough to drown your sorrows after we shitkick youse today. Youse are on the brink of elimination, read it and sweep. Hey. Win or lose, youse guys have still got the most ostrichfuckers per capita, right? That's the big picture. Allegedlys. Bet you wish you could put your head in the sand and ignore that one, huh? May the best town win. Ladies. None finer than you, MaryAnne. Women. None more admirable than you, BettyAnne. We've overcome adversity. Found a way to win. Let's get this fucking win, let's get this fucking sweep! And let's get this luxury fucking sea liner on the lake! League final, buddy. Game four, buddy. Suits on deck. What could go wrong?. Shoresy? Give your balls a tug. Shoresy! Titfuckers. We heard what you said about us, you sack of shit. Never let a woman do a man's job, huh? Watch this, we're just taking a break from cooking and cleaning to win backtobacktoback 'ships, asshole. I'll make you a sandwich afterwards, though, I'll shove it up your ass for you, too. You two are the silliest twats I've ever met in my whole fuckin' life. I didn't say any of that shit, you dumb broads. But I did say your breath could stop a Mack Truck, BettyAnne, I'll tell that to anyone who will listen. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, BettyAnne, your breath is an existential crisis, made me question my whole fuckin' life. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, MaryAnne, you got legs on you like redwoods, you could boxjump a bungalow. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly, your mum groped me two Halloweens ago, shut the fuck up or I'll take it to Twitter. Fuck you, Shoresy. You're a horrible fuckin' ref. Fuck you, Jonesy, take a look at me, I'm not even a ref, I'm a fuckin' linesman, but you can referee on my nuts, you piece of shit. Fuck you, Shoresy! I'd still smash you both if I was bored, but Reilly and Jonesy's mums get too jealous. Make yourselves useful, grab me a bag of dill picklers. Good luck, you fuckin' losers. Let's stick it to that fuck. Literally and figuratively. Who the fuck skates like that? Stewart's recovery has been. Remarkable. He is almost. Unrecognizable. Are you ready? Ready! Calm down, Roald. Stewart! Fuck the wave, pull your finger out of your ass. I remember when you could smoke in here. Yeah, we're gonna smoke youse in here, bud. Came here to do two things, launch this broom on the ice and drink, and the gal at the bar just told me I'm cut off. Your gals look slower than my tractor, of course, mine's got a HEMI in her. Your gals are having a tougher time finding the puck than NHL on Fox circa 1996. I've seen more hustle in chess. Still no heaters in here, eh? I remember Letterkenny mounting the 50. Let's go, Shamrockettes!. Let's go, Shamrockettes!. Let's go, Shamrockettes. Pass to me! Okay, ladies. Women.. Hurry up and score a fuckin' goal already, I'm getting the bedtime sillies. Fuck off, Shoresy, give us our timeout. Fuck you, Reilly, tell your mum to give me a timeout. The last time I tried that, she threatened to take a header on me into an empty pool at the Quality Suites. Fuck you, Shoresy, leave us alone. Fuck you, Jonesy, tell your mum to leave me alone, she's been laying in my fuckin' water bed since Labor Day. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you all, your lives are so sad, I get a charity tax break just for hanging out with you. Nice sweep, no sweep, give your balls a tug. Enough fuckin' around. Let's do this.  Shamrockettes! We did it, buddy. Can't believe it, buddy. We won a fuckin' 'ship. We bought that boat. Hmm. Yeah, it's Mum. Mine too. Probably wanna say congratulations. We were discussing headlines from the city newspaper the other day. Damn shame about MoDeans burning down. Do you know what? It's really something how we keep losing those locations to drink at. The Ukrainian Center is a healthy consolation, though. Well, everybody knows the cheapest beers are at the Ukrainian Center. With the Legion being a close second. When's Gail getting back from her South American singles resort? When she's had her fill, I suppose. Delicious pun. Thank you, Wayne. Thank you, Bonnie. Now, was that your tummy grumbling? Or was that you proper?. That'd be me proper. A little grumble in the jungle over there. Little grumble in the Bronx. A little royal grumble. It was a grumble proper. Now, I'm a devout pupil of Social Justice Warriors, Professor Tricia. The devoutest. But dare I say things in the city is getting wee bit out of hands. What's the frequency, Kenneth? Well, the story I just read here is quite the incredible chain of events. You know, there's so many causes now. They're just tripping right over each other. Well, it's better than driving into each other. That was a bit dark, Dary. What's the scoop, Dan? Here's the scoop. Bunch of gals said that they were gonna stop tweetings for a day out of protest for sexual abuses towards womens. And they encouraged mens to stops tweetings in supports of the womens. So, what's the problem? Oh, I wasn't finished. Well, what happened next?. I'll tells you what happens next. Some black gals joined in on the protest, but they got mad at the white girls protesting, because womens of colors didn't receive the same supports on similar issues. I think I see where you're going with this. Well, did something happen even after that?. Something did happen after that. One of the white gals asking for supports got supports from one guy, but she told him he could fuck right off because apparently he used to call gals broads back in high schools. But they are tweeting about not tweeting. Do I have that right? I got a feeling something even happened after that. Yeah, me too, Dary. Me too. I got that same feeling. Well, here's what happened even after that. The President of Iceland sends out a happy birthday tweet to his daughter, Alfheiour. And now all the gals saying that you shouldn't be tweetings turns hims into public enemy number one. And it's on Twitter they're doing that? And to the President of Iceland, they're doing that? Icelanders are the most lovable fucking people on planet Earth. One more thing even happens, so help me God. So help me God. Something else did happen after that, because it turns out the President of Iceland's daughter, Alfheiour, has got herself a case of the Down syndromes. So here comes the Special Olympics advocates, and they're in a real bad way. As they should be. If you wanna go at Iceland, you better have your fucking facts right. Well, here's the kicker, turns out the President of Iceland's daughter, Alfheiour, is also a refugee from wartorn Somalia what he's adopted. So that increases the tension between the womens of colors not tweeting and the white gals not tweeting. To top it all off, here comes World Vision, and they're coming in a'swinging. Fuck every duck. What next? Oh, here's what happened after that. Remember that first guy that they told to fucks right off 'cause he used to call gals broads back in high school? Turns out he's paralyzed from the waist down. So here comes the war amps saying, You better back the fuck off our guy. Enough's enough. I can't handle anymore. Well, there's no way there's more. There's no goddamn way. Wait. There is more. Turns out the President of Icelands is paralyzed from the necks down, so now everybody's back on Iceland's sides again. Oh, right where they should've been the whole fucking time. Now, it's from the neck down that he's paralyzed, you say? So, how does he even make a tweet? And they're all doing this on Twitter? Where else but Twitter would this be happenings? On the day they're not exposed to be tweeting? On the very same day they're not exposed to be tweeting. Jesus!.  Look what's happening in local news!. What? Stay tuned to find out. Well, the Letterkenny Chiefs is changing their names and logos. That sounds about right. Probably for the best. They had a good run. The only constant in life is change, as they say. The only constant in life is change? It's a wee bit to wrap your head around there. Well, the only constant around here is everything stays the sames. Anywho. According to the writers of the Letterkenny Banner, the whole world's going to hells in a hand baskets. Sounds about right. Probably for the best. We had a good run. As long as we're going in a hand basket. As opposed to what kind of basket? Well, there's a bazillion different kinds of baskets. Hand and waste paper. What else? Okay, so maybe there's not a bazillion different kinds, but. Yeah, it's definitely not a bazillion different kinds. Yeah, that's what I just said, There's not a bazillion different kinds of baskets. Well, don't come in here saying bazillion unless you mean a bazillion. Okay. I was just for emphasis. I was saying, Bazillion different kinds of baskets. Go ahead and name five kinds of baskets besides hands and waste paper. Okay. Floor basket, hanging basket, wall basket, bike basket, basketball basket. All right. I withdraw. Bamboo bakset, britan bakset, liquor bakset. Bakset? Yes, that's one of two words that Dary can't say right. What's the other one, Dary? Brefekst. Yeah, Dary can't say the word breakfast either. You wanna try, bud? Brefekst. Bakset. Attaboy. So, what are they changing the name to? According to this, they're letting the publics decides with an onlines polls. Ooh, boy. Not a good idea. Is there a worse idea? Currently, the Letterkenny Rough Riders is leading by a hair. Is that your tummy grumbling? Or is that you proper? No, that'd be me proper. What's the rumpus, grumpus? Don't you think that there's already too many Rough Riders in the area as it is? You got the Redford Rough Riders. And a one. You got the Welno Rough Riders. And a two. And don't forget the Greater Maddawascow Rough Riders. And a three. And that's just off the tippy tops of our heads. Does get a bit confusing during playoffs. People like to root for a Rough Rider. Yeah, but if we're all going to be Rough Riders, why even have teams? Why not just be a big bunch of Rough Riders? Why don't you just name the whole league the Rough Riders? Why even stop there? Why don't we just go ahead and name the whole human race Rough Riders? Like, you see what I'm saying. Yeah. Today, we're all Rough Riders. What exactly is a Rough Rider? I don't know. All's I'm saying is that there's too many of them. Don't you see?. So, what else is in the running?. Ah, second place is the Letterkenny Muff Riders. Yeah, I can get behind Muff Riders. Hmm. What else? Third place goes to the Letterkenny Foot Fuckers. Shouldn't that be in first place, on account that it has foot in the title, and it's a soccer team? What else? Well, fourth place is a tie between the Big Nickelbacks and the 69ers. Both good choices. I don't know who to root for. People likes to root for a 69er. I don't have a problem. I don't have. I don't have a problem. I don't have a problem. Where is it? It's right here. First, the meth. I think you do have a problem. I don't have a problem! You've never acted like this before the. This is all because of the. I've never seen it get its claws in so deep. Give me the dark web. Stewart! I need the dark web. You're killing him! It is killing you! Give me the dark web. Take the dark web. The dark web is yours. Okay, so you keep the meth over there, right? We do. Let me show you. I'm in. Letterkenny, the hard right is inside of you. Fuck! These stooges again. I don't see a video request from them. How am I hearing their voice? Must be some hightech dark web shit. Stu? Stu! Appreciate the Stooges reference. Everyone knows Curly was the original skinhead. Plus Ron Asheton from Iggy and the Stooges had a real Third Reich obsession. Good Christ! It smells like somebody's been smoking gate waves in here. The Chiefs are changing their name. Who? Your beloved junior soccer team. Who? Ah! Nobody cares about anything anymore. What about the history? The tradition? What's a junior soccer team? Some people still care, all right? You best believe. And we are recruiting. So, gentlemen, are you ready to join the hard right? Politics? We're anarchists. Yeah. Who cares if the soccer team changes its name? The hard right, that's who. Chiefs is a strong name. I remember a time when being called a chief was a good thing. People like to root for a chief. This used to be the heartland. Now, it is just the other heartland of farleft liberal cucks. Did somebody get their feelings hurt? Did somebody sign a petition? Uh, news flash, you're all caving to PC culture. You're just a bunch of farleft liberal fucking pinko snowflakes. Oh, we've been called worse. But might as well just change the name to Letterkenny Cucks. Regional champs of Cuckistan! Okay. This is what the failed patriarchy looks like. I'm so sick of you beta male SJWs. We're not SJWs. I actually identify as a wood nymph. Super weird. Be gone. Oh, we'll be gone. Just as soon as you betas show us where the alphas are. I'll see myself out. I assume all of you are following suit. He talks more than I do. That was weird. Ah, yes! Now we're talking. The alphas. Real men. No matriarchy in sight. Who the fuck are you? I'm Hard Right Jay, and I represent the Hard Right, a group with farright ideologies that rejects mainstream conservatism and endeavors to promote white nationalism. Oh, white nationalism? Good thing Gail, the owner of the old bars ain't here. Oh, small town bar owner, what is she, like a good sixthgeneration Scottish woman? No. What are you's getting on about over there? Did you dinks bring these dudes here? What's the first meal of the day, Daryl? Your mom. Attaboy. Breakfast! Ah, that's it, right. Jesus Christ. Yeah, yeah. Run away like true socialistas. At least your actions are consistent with your failed ideologies. You edgelords are a walking horde of participation trophies. Go back to giving out hand jobs for free. We're not socialistas. I'm still with her. We're anarchists. And our hand jobs aren't free. So. Forg. Forgive. Forgive them. They don't see the big picture. Yet. What's the big picture? You wanna see how deep this rabbit hole really goes? Or are you guys globalists? What's that? Ah! I'll admit, I was anticipating the low energy, country cuck road show, but you're curious. Color me glad. It's time to wake up. It's time for you to spit out all of the toxic sludge you've been spoon fed by the Ian Hanomansings and the Gloria Macarenkos of the world. We are a movement. Bowel movement by the looks of it. Ah, hachimachi, I like your fire. We could use more women in the movement. We have next to none, for reasons we can't quite decode. Pitter patter. Yes, pitter patter. All lives matter. News flash, the out of control PC police are forcing your beloved Letterkenny Chiefs to change their name. Yeah, we caught that. Yeah, well, we're here to protest that. Our legions of brothers will be joining me at John Letterkenny Field later. And we want you, the salt of the earth alphas, the stewards of traditional morals, traditional values, the silent majority, to join us. The fight against poor, uneducated libtards requires nothing short of a massacre. Now you're a bit fucking dramatic, eh? Why is keeping the name of the Chiefs important to you?. It isn't. Oh, oh, it's not. It isn't? Well, not really, in the long run. Nor the short run, really. Yeah, no need to get your jimmies all out of joint. Well, but you. You understand why it's important to fight the left? Yes? I didn't know it was necessary, much less important. The point is the government is trying to keep you and your humble agricultural livelihoods thoroughly cucked. It's time to wake up and smell the chem trails. It's time to stand up for your God given right to have kickass names for all your favorite teams, and fuck anybody whose feelings get hurt along the way. Oh, is that what time it is? Oh, you think I don't have feelings? You think my feelings don't get hurt? My grandfather has a pacemaker, right? Every time I watch the Indiana Pacers play basketball, it makes me think of Papi. And his irregular heartbeat. And it fucks me up, big time. You see me complaining to the Indiana Pacers or anyone in the NBA? Mmm, suck it up, buttercup. So? So what? So join us. Tell you what. I'll fight you for it. You and me. Sorry, what? What I'm saying is, I'll fight you. And if you win I'll come to the field with you. But if you lose, we're not asking for anything in return. Ah, you SJWs are a lost cause. I'm going to troll! Letterkenny Chiefs! Letterkenny Chiefs! We can do this, buddy. We can establish order, buddy. I know we can. HARD RIGHT. Of course you can. Ah. Hockey, eh? Fastest sport on Earth. And the whitest too, arguably, so bonus points there. Okay, the Catholic school games are on the other rink. Uh, we just, uh, thought you strapping alphas might want to know that the globalists are trying to turn your small town into a hive of postcastrati extremism. What the fuck's castrati? Uh, it's a pasta, bro. Uh, it's pronounced pahsta, bro. Is it? Today, it's the Letterkenny Chiefs. Tomorrow, it'll be your beloved Shamrocks. Well, you know, the Chiefs is kinda not PC though, buddy. We try to keep it, like, kind of in touch there. What if they decide to get butt hurt over the Letterkenny Shamrocks name next and force you to change it just because they don't know how to control their. Their fragile beta male emotions? What then, huh? You don't see a bunch of Irish people protesting here, do you? No, you don't. They're not,. Argh, please change your name! None of that's happening. You wanna know why? Because Irish people don't fucking complain about anything, all right? Irish people know how to take it like a champ, okay? You take their potatoes away, they don't say a fucking thing. It's pronounced potahto. Is it? It's called manning up, gentlemen. You might want to look into it. What do you think, buddy? I think this guy's a goof, buddy. Cool, buddy. Yeah, but. On that note, I'm not really a fan of the Shamrocks name. Really? Yeah. Me too, buddy. I mean, if we're talking about some kind of negative stereotype attached to that name, you know? Right? It's like, just because my name is Reilly, that doesn't necessarily mean that I'm a drunken leprechaun. Maybe we should change the name, buddy. What's this about a name change? If anybody should change their names, it should be us. What the hell's a Shamrockette anyway? A leaf with tits? Oh, this isn't your matriarch, is it? You can't just add ette to the end of the men's team and expect women to like it. We should change our names to something fierce and feminine and powerful. Like the Screaming Banshees. That's good, MaryAnne. Impressive creativity. Couple of hens clucking away. Especially for a girl who had to start kindergarten two years late because she couldn't grasp coloring. I've plenty of good ideas, BettyAnne. Like convincing your dad to get a vasectomy so I wouldn't have to worry about another you coming into the world while I fucked him. We were just starting to get them under control. You're screwing it up, bro. You're getting them all fired up again. Bringing family into it now, MaryAnne? I would never stoop so low, especially with the recent passing of your mother, who told me before she died that my dad is your dad too. You're fucking up our progress, man. Just get out of here. It's only gonna get worse too. Thanks a lot. Ah, these Tumblrinas have lost the plot anyway. Letterkenny Chiefs! Letterkenny Chiefs! Where the fuck is everybody? This is supposed to be a protest. We need people to protest and piss off and agitate. Ay, ay, ay. Whose idea was this stupid name change anyway?. Ours. S'up, Nazis? Nazi? Hilarious. Ain't nothing funny about this, honky. No, but Nazi, really? Nazi? Would a Nazi ride a Yamaha scooter? A pansy Nazi? Sure. Would a Nazi have a Jew for a lawyer? Could you refer me, asshole? 'Cause I'm gonna need one in a minute. Would a Nazi own a gameworn Tim Duncan jersey? You sniff that shit before bed at night, cupcake? Would a Nazi's favorite snacks include ramen, pad thai, or pho? It's pronounced phoe, Phoe, dummy. Oh. All right, would a Nazi get turned on by interracial gang bang porn? Who fucking doesn't? All right, I think we all need to chill out here. We're getting ahead of ourselves. We are an inclusive movement. I think you should join us. Is that what we should do? Yes. Think about it, Sacagawea. We share a lot. We have a lot in common. We both pride ourselves on traditional values, traditional morals. We share a very antiimmigration stance. You know, if you think about it, we actually share a lot of common ground. Historically, sharing ground hasn't been your strong suit. If you guys are here, then who's jerking off in your mom's basement? Somewhere there's a men's rights meeting missing their door greeters. Yeah, look. I get it. You're frustrated. It must be really exhausting never paying taxes your whole lives. All right. Enough chinwagging. Another hen cluck, cluck, clucking away. Hey, no one had a problem with this. No one had a problem until you's came to town. That's it. The Hard Right, coming to a town near you. Yeah, we didn't come here to counterprotest. Ain't nothing peaceful gonna happen today. Hey, we don't practice violence. We do. We don't practice violence. But we are prepared for it. All right. Let's go then. Let's do this. You and what army? That one. Golden pastures from here. It's all I see. Nary a chem trail in the sky. Possibility of a gentle Nor'Wester. Oh, three to five clicks by the look of her. Well, times to check in on the Letterkenny Banner. What's the latest? Was that your tummy grumbling or was that you proper? That was my tummy. Good enough. Well, it looks like they canceled the online polls to pick the new team name. Oh, is that what they did? Yeah, it seems like the Muff Riders was runnings away with it. Foot Fuckers made more sense by far. I'm disappointed. What are they going with instead? Rough Riders. Of course they are. Playoffs start next week. Who they playing? Runforough Rough Riders. That's gonna be a really good game. Must be hard kicking the ball in the snow. My money's on the Rough Riders. You're crazy. I got the Rough Riders by a mile. Care to make it interesting?. I'll put ten bucks on the Rough Riders. Make it twenty. I'll take that. I'm in too. See, Wayne, people love to cheer for a rough rider. The world's going to hell in a hand basket, big brother. In a what, Dary? Brefekst bakset. Attaboy.  Hats off to Tanis, boys. It's certainly a great day for Thunder Bay. Yeah, Tanis has outdones herself. She sure did. Say, where is Tanis? Well, Tanis the Tough gal. Homewrecker. Rocket. Sniper. Alpha female. Temptress. A bit rough around the edges. Tried to lure you in to the barn for a. Round of the bases. Homewrecking. Slam. Crush. Roll in the hay. Lay in the biblical sense. Toe curl. And the truth is you kinda wanted to. Pet heavily. Wreck your home? Rack up a kill. Score a take down. Have the best sex of your life. Fondle? Become one. But you didn't. Because that's not what a. Good 'ol boy. Real man. Straight shooter. Team player Seriously? Godfearing gentleman. Stand up guy. Does. On the contrary, a. Good 'ol boy. Real man. Straight shooter. Team player. Pussy. Godfearing gentleman. Standsup guy. Doesn't cheat. So while you walked towards the barn for what one would assume was a. Poke. Terrible fucking idea. Easy kill. Quick mash. Whatever you are into, baby. Lustful encounter. A lot of character is undertaken. You didn't. You got in the truck, drove over to Rosie's and. Now, Rosie is a. Real pretty gal. So fucking cute. Ten. Damn. Book reader. Goddess. Fine woman. You can't be with one woman and have feelings for another. You are of the opinion that cheaters are. In the wrong. Like, 95% in the wrong. Bad? Or. Seduced. Fair and square. Antagonized. Likely a good persons who just mades a mistake. And you shouldn't very well go down that road. So. Here's the thing. Okay, you go. No, you go. Okay, I'll go. I'm gonna move to the city. You are gonna move to the city? I'm gonna move to the city. What city? Vancouver. Well, you won't get many random snowy summer nights like this in Vancouver. Nope. So what's in Vancouver? Pit bull rescue. I'm tired of reading about it every day. I wanna help. You're a great fucking gal, Rosie. You're a great fucking dude, Wayne. When will I see you? When you see me. Good enough. And that's what a get out of jail free card looks like. Boy, howdy. Well, I should say. Sick buddy. Sick, bro. Can we bang now? Wondrous! I likes Monopoly. So, as for Tanis. Get after it. Sure. Killzone? Poundtown? We should be banging right now. Tanis. You could do much worse, good buddy. You and Tanis are gonna give her the old college try. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good stuff. Finally, a nonsummer weddings. I'm smilings. Well, it seems a little bit unfair that at summer weddings gals get to wear a nice, breezy summer dress and then we're stuck being sweaty and sticky in some threepiece wool suit. I guess it can gets quites pongies down there. Yeah, it can get a bit moist. No. Who do you think is gonna moist the Stanley Cup, this year, Katy? I'm thinking Calgary. I swear to fucking Christ Oh, did you never see Moist Story? Or Moist Story 2, starring Tim Allen and Tom Hanks? Are you out of your fucking mind? I will fight you. We don't fight at weddings. So, Dary, are you gonna be wearing your dad's suit? Do falling timbers make tambers? Who the fuck are you? Yes, Katy. I got it for a grade 13 semiformal from the Letterkenny Op shop. Loves the Op shops. I'll take the Sally Ann. You know what? That suit is so dad the last time you wore it, it told me the Dire Straits were the greatest band of all time. That suit is so dad it ate all the lunch meat on the way home from the grocery store. The suit is so dad it owns a VHS copy of The Hunt for Red October. So, Dan, are you gonna cold rock a kilt? Like my Grandpas and his grandpas before him. A little class, a little sass and a lot of ass all in one tartans garments. Wayne, I assume you'll be wearing one of only two suits that you own. Two will do you. One for weddings and one for funerals. A good suit lasts you the rest of your life if you take care of it. What would you wear for a court appearance? I've never been arrested. What would you wear to a job interviews? I've only ever had one job. What would you wear to a bar mitzvah? Not Jewish. Bat mitzvahs? Still not Jewish. Graham's from the city. So there's gonna be a lot of citiots at this thing. I fucking hate citiots. They're always going on about how we're saying, fucking mud in our fucking hammies. Fucking riding our sleds down to a fucking pit party, bud. Giving her tits. I was climbing the ladder up the hay mound behind your brother and ew! Ripped a fart that sounded like a creaky door opening inside a hot air balloon, but. We do not fight at weddings. No, but we can get laid if we're keen to. Sexy just wafts around at weddings. Plenty of opportunities for people looking to do some yessing. A little bit of wedding spreading. A little bit of matrimonies and hide the balonies. Oh, sure, maybe some exchanging of rings and rubbing of things. Clear eyes. Full Windsors. Can't lose. Clean up well, Cowboy. Well, a good suit will last the rest of your life if you take care of it. And me? Well, I wouldn't kick you out of bed for eating fucking crackers, Tanis. Top shelf ceremony, boys. Short, sweet and not too much God. I'm told God doesn't have much time for gays these days, so. Par for the course, I guess. Real prouds of Dax and Ronsford jumps in the brooms like that. Good guys. Good grooms. I wonder what that must be like. What? Getting hitched? No, being into dudes. I've got so many questions. Yeah, and I wanna hear exactly zero of them. It's like, what if you are attracted to somebody with the same name as you? Is it like, How fun? Or is it fucking weird? It'd be fucking weird. Quite likely. That's never happened to me. Guess the closest I ever came to it was almost doing it with a gal named Sheryl. Yeah, I suppose it'd kindsa be like the time I almost hooked up with a gal who had the same names as my Grandmas. That would be fucking offputting. It was. It was distracting at inappropriate times. With. Ruth. I wish there was a goddamn way I could do it with a Katy. Ew! Or a Kate or a Caitlin. I guess Katherine would even be walking the line. There's no way I could do it with a Wayne. Ew! Unless it was Gretzky or Rostad. Or Newton. I'd bow to the great ones. I'd bend right over. I'd like Gretzky in my office behind the net. I'd be a jar of curry in a fucking hurry just feeding him all night long. I promised Mess I wouldn't do this. I just promised to mess. I'd let Gretzk leave my ass seriously McSorely I'd let that lady Bing lady bang me. That's 69 with 99 into overtime. I'd just straight up let him 99 me. Howdy who. Ah, what's a 99? It's just fucking while spooning. All right, boys. Show me what you can do with a cock. Hail!. Heyho. Oh, good day, lads. Did you ride your fucking sleds here? Oh, are you fucking matting her? Is she a charity ride, like, Holy Fuck? Just about clear putting it in the fucking rhubarb. Yous just gonna stand there rubbing your peckers or what? Oh, she's fucking tits, eh? D'you give her beans, bud? D'you give her boots, bud? Do you give her fucking torque?. Do you wanna get fucking smoke? Or are you taking her easy? If she's easy, take her twice, bud. We'll call you toonie two times. Let's do her manure. Isn't this the part where you. We don't fight at weddings. Those citiots can fucking tie their dicks in a knot. They can go piss up a rope. Gretzky, Rostad and Newton for Katy, eh? I'm surprised Lil Wayne didn't make the cut. What? Great dress, Bonnie. Thanks. Op Shop. You look like the girl who punched my V ticket. What's your nationality? You ever seen the back seat of a BMW X3? You should be honored. My buddy here only fucks tens. Only tens. Right in the X. Seriously, come outside. I'll show you the 3. It's actually the exact same as the 5. X5. BMW. Just way better on gas. Living the Beem. Stewart, I know you are the world's foremost fire selector, but this is a wedding and I promised the grooms we'd play songs like Brown Eyed Girl and Shout and Lean on Me, Ain't No Mountain High Enough and Mambo No. 5 Yous guys got the Chicken Dance ready to play yet? I fucking love that song, I'll tell you. I put it on in the barn for the cluckers when them peckerfaced bastards ain't dropping eggs, I just love it. Are you being facetious? Huh? Can your vestigial minds even comprehend the derogatory nature of your requests? Or maybe you could compromise? Do something cool like beat juggle the Chicken Dance? Here, take. Enough! Deejaying is an art form. A medium in which the most prolific audio auteurs of our time can speak through. A deep connection of the soul of yourself and the gyrating asses of the great unwashed who eagerly thirst for your deafening compositions. I like gyrating asses but I'm pretty sure it ain't art there, bud. Yeah, wouldn't you have to have written the songs yourself for it to be art? I'm sorry, composed? I think the word is produced. Right, or at least didn't download off the Internet so you could profit off them. Yeah, you are more like an art dealer than an artiste. Or like an art gallery curator. Selling stolen paintings. That you printed off the Internet. Whoa! If you do not fall back, and fasten that lip. Your other, thinner lip. I'll turn this elegant, soigne ceremony of the coming together of two bonded souls into a straight up blood rain. Hey! Over here. Chicken Dance. Get it? Just wanna go Good game you fucking beauties. Way to tape your sticks together, boys. You two make a hot pairing. Five minute major and a lifetime misconduct for butt ending. You boys enjoying yourselves? Acting single. Seeing double. Drinking triples. Daxy, I gotta say, solid work on the big city slam prospects. Solid big city slam scouting, Daxy. Boys, a little, uh, players only here. You are not pulling tonight. Yes, we are. These are modern city gals. None of them have any interest in hockey player types. Boys, big muscles haven't been popular with the ladies since Jersey Shore. The only way to get any attention from a cosmopolitan, college gal type is to get in touch with your inner twink. You need to be less power forward and more power bottom. We'll get our wedding stylist to help them out. So we need to. Spruce up our look? No. You gotta bruce up your look. So Professor Tricia says that Letterkenny has developed into quite the homosexual scene and we can rightly expects a Pride parades next springs. Never been to a Pride parade. What's it like? It's like a Santa Claus parade. Except instead of handing out candy, they hand out condoms. I should probably start thinking about a name right now. Great Day for gay. A Hard Gay's Night. Eyes Pride Shut. Pride Green Tomatoes. Pride of Chucky. Independence Gay. Ferris Bueller Gets Off. Star Wars Rogue One. The Princess Pride. Pride of Frankenstein. Pride and Go Seeks. Carlito's Gay. Night of the Giving Head. Lay Anything. Final Mantasy. Third Cock from the Sun. How fella Got His Groove Pack. The Gay the Earth Stood Still. Eat, Gay, Love. Dr. Strangelove or how I learned to stop wearing, Love the Bum. Bonnie and Pride. Oh, Bonnie McMurray. You boys tried the catering yet? I am chomping at the bit to get one of those cupcakes. Nots to be impolite, Dary but it's actually champing at the bits. Oh, you got those pits ready for your fucking ponies? How many ponies you got under your hood? You got a frigging hemmy under there? How many CCs is your sled? Do you fucking pin her when you get pickled there, bud? Oh, I really fucking gave it to her last night. Working hard or hardly working? What happened to the part where. We don't fight at weddings. I gotta piss. I'll come with you. Yeah, same. Okay, let's go. My cock he lives now. Redux. What's up, ladies? What is your nationality? Grow up around here? Have any tattoos? I got a Celtic symbol on my calf. I got a Nike swoosh right above my heart. I got you a drink. I swear it's not a roofie. Yes, it is. Of course, it is. Hey, that's a real nice dress. Look a lot nicer on my hotel room floor. You ever seen the front seat of a Honda del Sol? I'll have a roll in your hay any day. We don't fight at weddings. I got a Harman Kardon system in the 3. X3. BM motherfucking W, baby. It's actually way better than Bose. Dickskin? Dickens. Fellas, a list of my requests. To be played back two, back two, three, four, well I have five songs. No requests. How dare thou come into my private roost of penetrating beats with an audacious act of social and musical treason. Every single one of these is a Brooks and Dunn song. Starting with the Boot Scootin' Boogie. I didn't realize they had other songs. Of all the boogies, the Boot Scootin' is the last one I would and will ever torture myself or others with. I'll give you a Boot Scootin'. What about Blame It on the Boogie by the Jackson 5? Boogie, Oogie, Oogie, A taste of honey. Boot Scootin'. Boogie Wonderland, by Earth Wind & Fire Elton John's Street Boogie. This wedding needs a boogie and it's gonna be Boot Scootin'. Born to Boogie, T Rex? Boogie Woogie Wu, Insane Clown Posse. Zip Gun Boogie, T Rex again. Take the damn boogie and make it a Boot Scootin'. I'm Your Boogie Man, KC and the Sunshine band. I'm Your Boogieman, White Zombie. I hoped it wouldn't come to blows over a boogie. But I'll damn well go to blows. For the Boot Scootin' Boogie. Not happening, Dickskin. Dickens! I got it. I got it. I got the Chicken Dance. Went home and got it out of the cassette player in the tractor. You play it now or later. Either way, you'll play it. Or you'll die. What's with the super sad glassware, boys? What's with your hair? Oh, just got some big city prospects. Don't wanna risk putting a big goose egg up on the board. Don't wanna fan on a yonny cage, buddy. So, we bruced up our looks. What does that mean? Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it, yeah. How's that going for ya? Uh, good. We got bites. Yeah. Well, we got like, a. A bite. They were 50 though. I took down an older lady once. It was kinda fun. Kinda weird. Why? Well, after she made a pizza. Sick, buddy. She ordered a pizza. No, made a pizza. From scratch, buddy. I had to sit and talk while she made a pizza. You two look like dandies. You look like pansies. You know, the landscape might be changing but manly men never go out of style. Hello, ladies. Yeuch, I can't drink this shit anymore. What am I a ballerina trying to get skinny? I'm gonna get some rye, babe. Cheers. Katy got hit on by a top hat guy. A top hat. A guy in a top hat. I'd rather take down a city than a guy in a top hat. Oh, I don't know, Ms. Katys. Some men looks quite statelys in a top hat. Scrooge McDuck comes to mind. Mr. Peanut. Slash. The guy from T Rex. Abe Lincoln. Uncle Pennybags from Monopoly. Willy Wonka's. The Cat in the Hat. Guy from T Rex again. Oh, hey there, buds. Is she a manual? Or are you driving a bitch stick? You like bud lite? You like butt holes around here. Oh, did you get your pecker stuck in a bottle of brew? Where's your sweety bud? Did she leave you to your John and your John Deere? Where's your John queer, bud? I was brought up on Looney Tunes and only dancing when nobody's around. Learned the heck out of it that way, Dan. I am fucking irritated. We don't fight at weddings. Right. We don't fight at weddings. Ten four? Over and out. Hello, ladies. Ladies. Can we interest you in a shot of sourpuss? Perhaps a half glass of white zinfandel? Have you looked at any interesting furniture lately? I admire his eye for interior design. What are you two going on about? You are really missing the mark. You know, metrosexuality went out of style with the Von Dutch and Chingy. We are into men. Classic men, athletic types. You don't look like you can fix my car. You don't look like you can fix a sliding screen door. What? Wha. What? We're . We're hockey players. We're the snipe, celly boys. Dirty fucking dangles boys. What are you guys going on about now? Now you are just being posers. It's pretty pathetic. Even if you are hockey players, we are not puck bunnies. Or lacrossetitutes. I don't even drink. I drink beer. Where are you guys staying tonight? There's only motel in this shit hole, so that one. I've never ridden in a BMW X3 before. What about a BMW X3 with a luxury leather package? She just said she'd never ridden in one, idiot. Take me home. Ladies and gentlemen. The song for the first dance. Chosen by. The grooms. I can't wait to take sauce from you and slot from now until the horn blows at the end of quadruple overtime. Playoff rules, nice. There was always an open bet. I'll take the tender tonight. A six man, you know what I am talking about. As long as you can bury. Oh, we will find a hole. You can't slip one past me. Let's steer this back.  Your friend Dary said he can beat up your friend Dan the other day. You're dreaming, bud. Am not. Are, too. You're Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, bud. All I'm saying is, if it came down to it and I hope it wouldn't. Well, see you're soft on it already, Dary. I could beat Dan in a fight. You're mixing a Hardy, bud. Am not. Are, too. You're down there mixing a Tom Hardy. Oh, I would smash that dude like a Terry's Chocolate Orange Same. How's your beers?. I'll have a beer. Must be nice, you can pick up some extra shifts here while Gail's down at her South American Single's Resort, huh, Bonnie? You wanna know what? If two of my bars burnt down I'd be fucking off, too. I'm envious of that old goat. It's light lifting. This place could run off honor system if it had to. Okay, Katy and Bonnie, who do you think would win a fight, me or Dan? Dan. Why don't you two just arm wrestle and get to the bottom of it. No. Why not? Well, because arm wrestling is not a legitimate barometer for strength, and certainly not toughness. You're either born a good arm wrestler or you're not. Youse could leg wrestle. No. Why not? Well, because if they're on the floor rubbing their legs together, they've both lost. How are we gonna sort this out? Oh, youse could have to fight. No. Sure. See, you're a good friend, Dan. How is Dan a good friend in all of this? Well, Dan sees you're quite upset about this. He's willing to put his beer down, come over there and beat the shit out of you so that you're over it. Tyson, who would win in a fight between Dan and Dary? Dary. Yes. Why? Longer reach, quicker on his feet. Not above a nut shot or a hair pull. Joint Boy? Squirrelly Dan. Why? 'Cause he's Squirrelly. Who do youse think would win in a fight between you two?. Me. You?. Me. See, now there's a good friend. Fifteenfour and I'd hoped for more. Fifteentwo, that's where it's new. Zeros, which is also knowns as a 19's hand, 'cause a 19's hand is impossibles to get in the games of Cribbage.  Coolin' down out there, folks. Down to about 10 degReese's Peanut Butter Cups. Anywho. Based on length of past spelling bees, coupled with speller proficiency, this year's bee will be single knockout. Sudden death overtime begins right now. Could I use the toilet? I don't know. Can you? May I use the toilet? Yes, you may. Katy, the first word is yours. Shut up! Shut your fucking mouth! You think this is the PGA? You can just hoop and holler whenever you want? Baba fucking booey? We respect our athletes here, so sit down, shut up, and enjoy some fucking adult spelling. Katy, your word is Farceur. Farceur. Can I get a definition, please? A writer or actor of satire. Farceur. Hence, farce. Farceur. FARCEUR. Farceur. Correct. They should be able to clap if she gets one right, Squirrelly Dan. Yeah, like that's what we've done in the past. Yeah, but looks at what happens last years. Yeah, but she's used to getting cheered for, right? We don't want her to get inside of her own head if no one cheers for her. It's the last thing we fucking want. It's too risky, Dan. Okay, I'm sorry for my outburst earlier. I came at you with a lot of anger and that was unnecessary. You can cheer if someone gets a word right, but its starts and ends there. I don't wanna hear a fucking fart out of any of you if someone gets a word wrong. As sure as grandma's got gout, if I hear one fucking heckle, I will staple your tongue to your taint, so you can watch me kick your ass. Jimmy, why don'ts you repeat the last thing you said there? Correct. Stewart, the next word is yours. Goddamn, it makes me hot when a man can spell. I do love a good tongue. Reilly and Jonesy can't spell for shit. Fucking idiots. Stewart, your word is Disparate. Disparate. Distinct in quality and character. How appropriate. Disparate. DIS PARATE. Disparate. Correct. Spell my name, Stewart. Spell it. What else can you do with that tongue? Reilly and Jonesy can't spell for shit. Fucking idiots. And with that, Reilly and Jonesy, the next word is yours. Reilly, Jonesy. Your word is. Hockey. Uh, this is the. Okay. Hockey. Can I hear the word used in a sentence, please? Uh, okay. The Letterkenny Irish are a Senior A whale shit hockey team that recently folded. Hockey. H. O. K. C. C. K. E. Y. Y?. Yeah. Y. Are you finished?. Yes. Correct. Yeah. Fucking idiots. Thanks. Joint Boy, the next word is yours. Joint Boy? Joint Boy! I suppose it is his name. Joint Boy. Your word is Ensconce. Ensconce. Got a fuck load of joints ensconced in this fanny pack. Ensconce. ENSCONCE. Ensconce. Correct. Yes! Can I use the toilet again? Can you cancan? Can you do the cancan? Good thing it's not the Grammar Bee. McMurray, the next word is yours. Wayne! How'r ya now? Not t'bad. And you? Uh huh McMurray, your word is Confrere. Confrere. Definition, please. A colleague or comrade. Confrere. With confreres like this who needs enemies. Okay, Confrere. CONFRARE. Confrere. Uh, I'm sorry, McMurray, that is incorrect. The proper spelling of confrere is CONFRERE. Exactly what I said. I thought I heard CONFRARE. Well, you're mistaken. I do apologize. Oh, don't worry about it, Dickskin. Dickins. Exactly what I said. Dickskin. We sure we got the right Master of Ceremonies for this thing here, okay? I think you need to get your earwax checked, Dickskin. Give 'em a fucking break, Jim. They've been spelling their goddamn hearts out up there. Call an intermission. There was no intermission slotted for today's bee. We'll press on. How many words gots to gets spelled before someone just keels over. Someone's gotta start asking the tough questions around here. I've seen this before, Jim. It's time we learned from it. In the words of arguably the greatest Canadian rock band of all time, The Tragically Hip, It's a good life if you don't weaken. Also in the words of Gordon Downie, legendary lead singer of The Tragically Hip, I can make you scared if you want me to.. Hey, okay. That's good then. Fifteen minute intermission, everyone. Sorry about that, Wayne. I'll get her hydrated. Youse get Reilly and Jonesy on Jim Dickins' radar. Some buttfuckery at play there. Jims. Now I know you noticed that Reilly and Jonesy's words are simpler than everyone else's, and quite suspiciously all hockeysrelated. Yep, there's a wee bit of buttfuckery at play here, Jim. This has been the system ever since Uncle Eddie won the very first Letterkenny Adult Spelling Bee. in the late '60s. We must honor it. Exactly. And aren't you guys the ones that are always saying you shouldn't fuck with tradition. It's fucking embarrassing. Jim, McMurray's screwing the system, here. You can't understand what he's saying. He's pulling the wool over your eyes, cowboy. Well, well, well. Ain't not hater quite like a spelling bee hater, now, is there? What's the matter, Tanis? You got some money riding on the bee? Money? There is to be no betting at the Letterkenny Adult Spelling Bee. Your dirty money is an insult to the integrity of the sport. Yeah, Tanis. All this time talking could be spent spelling. It's not called a Spelling Talk, it's called a Spelling Bee, and we're here to be spellers! Where's the bounty. We're dry. We need sustenance. You smoked like 20 onegram cannons. Like how are you even conscious right now? Fuck. You got this. Katy. This is getting out of hand, Stewart. Too much for you? What? Did you think this would be silent eeeasy?. Yes. Stay hydrated. There will be no more intermissions, and there better not be any degenerate gambling. Amidst allegations of contest rigging, there will be a new order for the spellers. I will be selecting names randomly from this hat moving forward. Fedora's a dumb fucking hat. It is, but I do believes that that's a dumb fucking trilbys. Joint Boy. The first word is yours. Fuck. Joint Boy, your word is Dithyramb. Dithyramb. JOINT. Dithyramb. DITHY. YRAM. Dithyramb. Incorrect. There's a silent B, dumbass. Fucking idiot. Fuck! Joint Boy, you are the first to be eliminated. Please take a seat off stage. Reilly and Jonesy, the next word is yours. Reilly, Jonesy, your word is Bosky. Bosky.  Can I have the definition of the word, please? Having abundant trees or shrubs. Bosky. Sounds a lot like brosky, buddy. How do you spell brosky? I don't know how to spell anything, buddy. Fucking idiots. Maybe we should just take the R out of brosky? I don't think there is an R in brosky. I'm going in on brosky, buddy. Yeah, good luck on brosky, buddy. Fuck, yeah. Brosky, uh. I mean, Bosky. BOSKI. Bosky. Incorrect. Fucking embarrassing!. McMurray, the next word is yours. McMurray, your word is Penalty. Penalty. Hey, that was supposed to be Jonesy and Reilly's word. Well, that's fucking embarrassing. Penalty, penalty. PENLY. Penalty. Incorrect. The correct spelling of Penalty is PENALTY. Exactly what I said. No, it isn't. Youse ever see that movie Dick Tracy The one with Warren Beatty? I would smash that dude like a neighbor's pumpkin on devil's night. Same. Well, Dick Tracy used a similar machine to slow down and decipher the speech of an appropriatelynamed character, Mumbles. What?. Let me show you. This is Mr. McMurray's answer at normal speed.  PENALTY. Penalty. See? Now this is his answer slowed down.  PENALDY. Witch! McMurray, you're eliminated. Please take a seat offstage. Penalty. Youse want to get hammered? Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached our final two contestants. Let's give them a round of applause. In the final round, if a speller misspells a word. his or her opponent will then have a chance to steal. Katy, the first word is yours. Katy, your word is Triskaidekaphobia. Triskaidekaphobia. Triskaidekaphobia. TRISKAID EKA PHOBIA. Triskaidekaphobia. I'm sorry, Katy, that's incorrect. No. No, Jim. that's how you spell Triskaidekaphobia. That's not what I'm reading on the card here, Katy, I'm sorry. Stewart, you now have a chance to steal. Settle down, people. Settle down. Triskaidekaphobia. TRISK ADEKAP HOBIA. Triskaidekaphobia. Correct. Stewart, you're backtoback champion of the Letterkenny Adult Spelling Bee. Wait! Katy, had it right. It was wrong on the monitor. Triskaidekaphobia is spelled. TRISKAI DEKAPHOBIA. Which is exactly what I said. No, it isn't.  TRISK ADE KA PHOBIA Silent I win. Champ! Yes! Yeah!. Why? Anyone wanna double me home, ladies? Everyone knows how to spell Triskaidekaphobia. It's the most common word used in spelling bees. I know that, but there is a reason that I spelled. Fucking idiot. Fucking idiots. Oh, fuck, buddy, it's Coach. Probably gonna ream us out. Fuck, what does he want, buddy?. Who could it be?. Give your balls a tug, you titfucker. You were sippin' suds with your buds the other day. Hey, Dary, real quick. Blank, lunch and dinner. Brehfekst. Oh, boy. Can I be honest with you guys for a sec? Oh, careful, Dary. I'd suggest everything you've said up until now has been a lie. And you've said lots of things. Like, when someone starts a sentence with Don't take this the wrong way. Guess what? I already did. Yeah, the same thing if people start a sentence by saying, You're gonna hate me for saying this. Guess what? I already do. Or, when people start a sentence by saying, You're not gonna wanna hear this. Guess what? I already don't. No, it's just an observation. Well I'm curious as to know why you thought it required a preface. Well, because I'm aware of how it might sound. Quit beatin' around the bush, Dary. Yeah, Dary, I don't remember you been such an aroundthebush beater. Oh, fine, now I'm not even gonna say it. Say it. The only thing worse than saying, You're not gonna wanna hear this, is when someone says they have something to say, and they don't say it. You're digging your heels in like a 12yearold girl. When in doubt, spit's it out. Okay, fine, I'm gonna say it. Okay, here goes. You know microbrewing? Like, craft beer? Yeah. I always thought it was craft beard, on account of the guys who make it always have beards. So, it was all that for just this then, eh? Thank you for inviting us into the circle of trust, Dary. I believe the preferred term is, lumbersexuals. Well, craft beard makes a pocketload more sense. You know, craft beards doesn't really bother me. But it's the clever wordplay that goes into the naming of it that I finds hard to swallow. Like, So hoppy together, or Barley breathing. Now, why don't you just call them what it is? It's fuckin' beer. Beer and headlights. Yeah. I'll contribute. Ale by comparison. Stout and about. Sounds actually pretty good, Stout and about. Stout and about's not bad at all, actually. I'd drink some stout and about. I'm surprised we're not drinking a stout and about right now. I think what you wanna do is you wanna put an animal in the name 'cause people love animals. Like, Cute Koala Cream, or Happy Hamster Honey. No, no. What you wanna do is you wanna put a berry in the name 'cause people love berries. Partridge Berry Pilsner, or Alderberry Ale. Pleasing to the ears and the mouth. No, Dary. Dary, no. No, Dan. Dan, no. No, Katy. Katy, no. What you're exposed to do, is put something cozy in the names 'cuz people like being cozy, right? Like toque or mittens. And then, if you really wanna double down on it, you put something outdoorsy in the name because people love being outdoors. Like, lake, or mountains. So what it's really gonna boil down to is Toque Lake Brew co, or Mountain Mittens Alpine Ale. Blanket Fire Light. There you go, Dary. The other ways to go is to use a clever, but ironical statement. Like, I'm bitters. See, I'd go suggestive. Like, Slipitin cider. Katy. What? Let's get this gal a fuckin' puppers. Dary, have a shot? I'd have a shot. Dan, have a shot? I'd have a shot. McMurray, have a shot? I'll have a shot. Tyson, have a shot? I'll have a shot. JB, have a shot? I'll have a shot. Fuck, boys. let's have a shot. G'day? Et JeanCarl. Et JeanPierre. Mes amis. Are you's up at your chalet in the Laurentians having a Laurentide, or what? You know, you's got some pretty choice gins there in Qbec. You ought to hammer on one of those. Can do. What, like, a buckanddoe? Numbers? Well, I happen to be sitting with the first team allstars as we speak. A bientot. Who wants to go to a buckanddoe in Qbec? Staganddoe, I'll never say no. A JackandJill, always a thrill. Drinkanddance till you shit your pants. Love a good turnandstomp. Love a sipandspin. What's a sipandspin? Who the fuck are you? A sipandspin. Staganddoe. JacksandJills. Drinkanddance. Turnandstomp. Or a buckanddoe, is a prewedding party thrown by the best man and maid of honor to raise money for the bride and groom's big day. Oh, cool. Get the fuck out of here, dude. In Winnipeg, they call them socials. Can confirm. You know, Winnipeg has a very large Ukranian population. Not too many people know that. Hey, Jewish and Italian, too. Not too many people know that. Whose gulp and grind is it? Remember Anik? Oh. Well, that's why you gotta strike while the iron's hot, big shooter. Another French gal that got away. I can't catch a break. Who's drivin'? Oh, fuck, not me, I'm hammered. Dary, you hammered? Oh, I'm hammered. Dan, you hammered? Oh, I'm hammered. McMurray, hammered?. I'm hammered. Tyson, you hammered? I'm hammered. JB, you hammered? I'm hammered. Fuck, boys, we're hammered. And how's that for ya? Well, it's not too bad for me, but right about now it's not smart, really. Well, I'm not missin' out on French boys. Look, I'll drive, but I'm not fittin' all of youse in my truck. Pete and Repeat. Guys wanna go to a buck and doe? Oh, fuck, yeah. I didn't even know there's a drink and dance tonight. How we not know about a swingandsway? It's not here, it's in Quebec. I got no reason to say no. Let's slam some rheumy skin. Let's get our meat smoked, boys. Fire a little batch of Celine Dijon. Let's go. Okay. Good. You're drivin'. Hold your horses now, hold your horses. All right? McMurray, how are you, now? I'm a teensy bit concerned, Wayne. How's that? What's the problem, McMurray? Youse guys got some French pals who want us English dudes to go to their party in Quebec, right? Right as Dan's jerk hand. Right. Except, youse gotta realize that, in all likelihood, your French pals probably have some French pals who doesn't want us English dudes to go to their party in Quebec. Right? Left. Right. Quebec damn near left Canada. Separatism is alive and well in Quebec right now, mon freres. Well, they just had the referendum damn near yesterday. Mmm. If, by yesterday, you mean a quarter of centuries ago, then, yeah, I can back that. I said, It feels like. No, you didn't. Did, too. No, you didn't. Did too. Did not. See? The French is causing separation separatism right here, right now. Settle down, McMurray. Alls I'm sayin' is, if they're not happy to see me, then I ain't pretending to be happy to see them. You heard it here first. When a friend asks for help, you help him, and that's all there is to it. Dary, you'll have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. Dan, you have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. Tyson, have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. JB, you have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. I don't even know what your fuckin' names are. We'll have a scrap. Fuck, boys. Let's have a scrap. I'll have a scrap, too. My terms are nonnegotiable. This is gonna be a long drive. Wait up, sum'bitches. Whoopsie Goldberg. Hey, come over here and shake my hand, good buddy. Oh, it's Stompin' Tom. Is that fella Cock Quacin still bummin' around? How's Jim Cutey and Micheal Bubbly? About as good as Kim Mitchell, there, Cocket Richard. Yeah, long live the hip. Here we go now. So you guys got Celine Dion all cued up in there? What's the scoop? We've got Allanus Morissette. Who are youse? Excusezmoi. Cute. JeanGuy. JeanPierre. JeanCarl. That's Anik. McMurray. Yeah, I guess that makes me Jean McMurray. McMurray. I've been called worse. And Jean Daryl? Jean Dan? That's Jean Squirrelly Dan. I'm Jean C. Reilly. I'm Jean Bons Jonsi. Actually, my middle name's John. You know, French people don't have middle names, right? Anik. JeanClaude. JeanLance. Buck and doe. He wouldn't let me invite English family to the wedding. So I said we have to have a buck and doe so they could be included. Well, how very charitable of you. Wow, si, mon frere. Youse go grab us a pint. I'll get the tickets. Very good old boy. Oui. No girlfriend? Pourquoi? Oh, no, no, no. No, no. Okay. Okay. Mo. Very hot. Okay. My niece. Beautiful. But. Merci, monsieur. Jean Claude. What is it? Drink it. I'm gonna have a piss. Throw a few darts first, maybe. Jesus H! That is fucking good. Sortilege. Maplesyrup whiskey. What a pairing! Mmhmm. That's good. Isn't that good? That's good. Isn't that good? That's good. Isn't that good? No, that's good. Isn't that good? That's good. Fuck, boys. That's good! Fuck, boys. I'd have another round. Next round's on us, boys. Let's go! So what do youse guys do for work? JeanPierre works at Jacutsue. And what about you, JeanCarl? Uh, me? You know TD? TD Bank? Huh? TD. TD Bank. Titty Bank? Yeah. TD. Titty Bank. Titty Bank. TD Bank? TD Bank. Huh? TD. TD Bank. Huh? TD Bank. TD Bank. TD Bank. Huh? Come on. TD Bank. TD Bank. I wanna make sure I'm hearing this right. Titty bank? Titty bank. Oui. TD Bank. I'm not happy. No? But it's your bock et biche. I thought I was. Planning the wedding was a nightmare. And then, I saw you. Titty bank? So like, a rip club. That's what I thought. TD Bank. TD Bank. It is TD Bank.. Oh. TeeDee Bank. Yeah. TD Bank. JeanGuy, you have a scrap? JeanCarl, have a scrap? JeanPierre, have a scrap?. I'll have a scrap. Fuck, boys, let's have a scrap. So what was all this talk about a titty bank? Is it close by or. MapQuest it? Or. Should we get a motel, and stay the night, or. McMurray. Katy. So you know? You hear that? Oh. That's the most aggressive twostep I think I ever heard. That's no twostep. Huh? It's showtime. You must forgive me for not washing my hands. We gotta go! Roger. I told him I couldn't marry him. Is that what you did? I told him I was not happy. Good enough. I told him I was in love with an Englishman. Good enough? I told him I was in love with you. That's good stuff. Do you like to dance? I fuckin' love to dance. Let's go. You're having a conversation about your pal's second cousin. The other day. Who, Jarret?. No, Garrets. He's a good guy. He took me to the movies in grade six, and he wouldn't hold my hand. A young man's hands can get sweaty in that sort of situation. Then put your arm around me, what's the problem? Anywho, Garrett's movings down to Los Angeles to try to be an actors. He's winning for the weather alone. Negative. It shouldn't be warm all the time. Four seasons helps keep a man regular. Like a bowl of brans in the mornin'. Huh. Garrett's moving down to LA to be an actor. Isn't that something you just kind of are? It's not as if a librarian can just call themselves a librarian without collecting a paycheck. They got to work. That's correct, Ms. Katys. So Garrett is moving down to Los Angeles to try to earn a livings as an actor. Can you do that? Do whats? Well, earn a living as an actor. That's a thing? Sure it is. So, you can earn a living as an actor, you say? Yeah. How do you think Brad Pitt bought all those paintings and became so passionates about architecture? I would smash that dude with a category five hurricane off the coast. Huh, Garrett's going to LA to make a living as an actor? What a time to be alive. LA people should shut the fuck up. They eat tacos. What's this? What, you've never met one before? That's all they fuckin' talk about. Hey, you like tacos? Let's get some tacos. You know who's got great tacos? Well, these guys have the best tacos. You like tacos, right? Tacos, tacos, tacos. Venice Beach tacos. It's fuckin' fish steak or carnitas wrapped in tortitas. How good can it fucking be? He's right. There! LA people should shut the fuck up about hiking, too. What's this? What, you never met one of them before? It's all they fuckin' talk about. Have you ever been on this hike before? This is the best hike I've ever been on before. Hiking, hiking, hiking. Runyon Canyon. Hiking, hiking, hiking. Just an asshole's word for walkin'. I wasn't born yesterday. It's all tacos and hikes, hikes and tacos. Why don't you ever hike while you have a taco, you fuckin' asshole? But how are youse to know that hikings and tacos aren't better in LA? They are. Aren't they? Everything's better in LA. Says who? People in LA. Yeah, didn't you never not notice that people from up here go down to LA, and then they come back up here calling it, LA? Is that what they do?.  LA. Thank you. LA. And everything's better in LA? What, you never met one of them before? That's all they talk about. What, you've never even been to LA? You have to come to LA, you'll love LA. LA, LA. Toyota Hybrid fucking cars. LA. Oh, yeah, you think you know tacos, eh? I'll tell you, you're some kind of fucking asshole if you think you know tacos, you never had a taco in LA. Think you know hiking? You've never seen a hike until you've had a hike in LA. Ugh, I hate the weather up here it's so much warmer in LA. Oh, yeah, didn't you not know it gets just as cold in LA? It's just different kind of cold in LA. It's a desert, you know? Pull your finger out of your ass. That's exactly what I says, Pull your finger out of your ass.. Now, hold your horses here. Who's do youse knows that's ever beens to LA? What's this about LA?. Whose crib is it anyways?. I dealt, my crib. I loves cribbage. Run of three, that's it for me. Run of four, I'm out the door. Uh, fifteentwo, double on the eight for ten, and jack of suits for elevens, which is a pretty hard numbers to rhymes with. Ooh! What's we gettin' all dressed up for, Mr. Saturday Nights? Are you sure you're not tryin' too hard, with that button done up there? Now, youse know Tanis and I are givin' it the ol' college try. You know, I get ending things with Rosie because you have feelings for another woman. She reads too much. She up to somethin'. .and I back that. Thank you, Katy. But. don't you think Tanis is a little. rough around the edges? How do you mean? Isn't her, uh, soil a bit rocky? Isn't her grain a little bit rough for the lays? Well. only one way to find out, super chieftains. So many offseason reps, buddy. So many preseason reps, buddy. Say no to the juice. Ain't fucking baseball, buddy. We dug deep. Buried down. Time to show the boys some gains. Coach's gonna flip when he sees these gains. Gain Gretzky. Gain The Rock Johnson. Shania Gain. Gains, Trains and Automobiles. Let's show these boys that legends walk amongst them. Hashtag, legendlife. You guys wanna go back out and try that again? Maybe it's the lighting in here, but I'm not seeing any gains. But. Doesn't matter. Team folded. Why? There's not enough bodies. Why? 'Cause it's Senior A whalesshit hockey! The way I see it, you got three options. Option number. You can go to the next town and play for them. Travel for whale shit? Gains for whale shit was even a stretch. You didn't get gains. Traveling for whale shit, that's a stretch too far. Option number. Hang 'em up. Well, there's good rubber left in these wheels, though, boys. Let's do power skating, bro. Oh, good call, bro. And option number. Join a championship team right here in Letterkenny. Hmm. .as coaches. .with me. Oh. Team's already won backtoback ships. We've actually never won a ship, buddy. On track to win backtobacktoback boats. Love to win a boat, buddy. Yeah, buddy. Then come on, let's win a fuckin' sea liner. Let's win a Great Lakes freighter. Let's win a cable ferry. Let's win a cabin cruiser. Let's win a Boston whaler. Let's win a recreational trawler. Let's win a paddle steamer! Let's win a pleasure barge. Let's win an outrigger. Let's win a freshwater vessel! Let's win a naval drifter. Let's win a water Rambo! Let's win a landing craft! Let's win a saltwater lugger! Let's win a sea tugger! Let's win a luxuryfuckin'yacht! Let's go!.  Yeah! Wait! You're gonna need an icebreaker. Tanis, how are you now? What? What. What? .the actual fuck was that? What? Well, you're standing, breathing, and smoking, so the other thing, The spitting? Some barefaced, uncultivated version of it, yes. What, you never seen someone spit before? Yes, an inexcusably obese man in the batter's box at a Blue Jays game. But you never seen a girl spit before. Yes, a sixyearold, after consuming an insect in her icecream cone. But you don't think girls should spit. I don't say what girls should do. But you don't like it when girls spit. Preferably not within my line of sight, earshot, and in a perfect world, ever. You hungry? Am I hungry? Yeah, that's what I said. I'm immediately concerned that sensation may never reestablish itself, but what a ride it's been. Oh, don't be so dramatic. What is this, the 1950s? You want me to go borrow an anklelength skirt from my auntie? Come on. I cooked for you. Let's go. Come on. He was supposed to be here over an hour ago. Try him again. Stewart, I just tried him. And? Straight to voicemail. Aggravating. Stewart! Agitating. Stewart! Alarming. Stewart. Roald. I think. I may have a problem. No. No! I'm in over my head! We all want it. I have no control! We all need it! Then where is it? Right here. Get it out! Give it to me. I've got it! It's all right here. But you guys got meth, right? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. The drugs are all over there. Just bring me that computer and get us to the Dark Web. First the meth, then the Dark Web. Roald. You want some, too? I'm good. Bring me the Dark Web over to my standup desk. Why do you have a standup desk? Because sitting is quietly murdering you. Actually, yes, Roald, I. I will have some meth. And here we are. The Dark Web. Why do you guys crave the Dark Web so much? Because the Dark Web is exclusive. The Dark Web is only accessible using special software, users remain untraceable and anonymous on the Dark Web. You can hire a hitman on the Dark Web. Purchase illegal contraband on the Dark Web. Sell illegal contraband on the Dark Web. Or you could join a rebel army. Or you could build a bomb for your own rebel army on the Dark Web. The thrill of having all of that at your fingertips is so.metal! What's on the menu today, chef? I left a tab open for you guys. Something I thought you'd dig. It's funny, the way you last liked that, like the Dark Web site was food. 'Cause. How to cook human meat!. Oh, fuck! These Hard Right mutts again. I don't like these mutts. We could ignore the call. Oh, Stewart! Let's ignore the call. But how are we gonna find cool new things to do on the Dark Web, unless we make cool new pals on the Dark Web. Fine, anything to keep the Dark Web sustainable. But we should sit for this. What are you doing? What? Well, you're sitting, breathing, and taking your boots off, so, the other thing. To borrow a phrase from my stance on social media, I don't follow. Crossing your legs. Yeah, for a hot second, to take my boots off. Boots or no boots, don't you think it's a little fruity loops for a man to be sitting like that? On the contrary, I'm sitting like this because the less bending over a man does, the better. Hmm. Sounds homophobic to me. Sounds chiropractic to me. Hmm. Just checking. I swing both ways, you know? So, if you ever wanted to invite a girl over. or a guy. Are we gonna have a problem here, Tanis? Let's just stop talking, food's ready. Come, eat. What's on the Dark Web menu today, gentlemen?. Funny you put it like that 'cause. We were about to enjoy some Dark Web literature about how to cook human meat until. our friend called. Hmm. 13% of human beings are cannibals, huh? 13% sounds right. Wrong! That's what they want you to think. The truth, 100% of human beings are cannibals. The. The ones on Earth, anyway. How do you know that? How do I know that? Ha! Well, let's rewind the clock. 1840, Ireland, the potato famine forces thousands of those godless, heathen bogtrotters to migrate to North America. No potatoes, you say! Well, then what did those paddymick prods eat on the fuckin' boat over here? Fastforward, 1955, Des Plaines, Illinois, McDonald's restaurants opened their first location. Not a single cow was photographed that day, and yet they're serving burgers? Gotcha. Now McDonald's openly. Openly boasts over 999 billion served. Fastforward, 2016, Donald Trump is elected to office, inherits the highest percentage per capita of cannibals in the world. The leftwing, fake news, pinko media wants you to think that he spent 16 of his first 100 days in office golfing. Wrong. Wrong! Donald J. Trump spent 16 of his first 100 days, as President of the United States, CommanderinChief, leader of the goddamned free world, getting that per capita percentage of cannibals down from 100 to. Everett? Uh. 13%? That's right. Do the math. No, no, actually do. Actually do the math. Do the meth? We did the meth. Listen, uh, friend. We've been listening to you ramble for an hour. We only joined the Dark Web to see cool new things, and join cool new movements. And make cool new pals. Cool new pals, you say? Yes. No. Stewart. I know how you can make all the coolest new pals ever. Spare us the hyperbole. How? Join the Hard Right! I said that like that was leading into another monologue, but it's really just. Just joi. Join the Hard Right. But. Do you like our flag? Oh, you probably. couldn't. Do you like it? I. I designed it. Mmm. Eat up. You're gonna need fuel for later. What. What? .the actual fuck was that now? What now? Well, you're sitting, eating, and breathing, so, the other thing. Burping? Yes. Some primitive, distressing version of it That was nothing. Terrific. You can burp, too. Outstanding. You can fucking fart, if you want. You know why? Because it's normal. But is it fashionable? It's becoming. It's unbecoming. Well, your boyfriend Daryl burps and spits. Dary also chases ducks, draws on the walls, and must be told not to taste or touch everything he sees. That's true. So, is it because I'm a lady? Who's a lady? So, what, you're saying that girls shouldn't burp, too? I don't say what girls should do. Well, men shouldn't shackle women. We made Prohibition happen, watch your step. Already walkin' on eggshells. Done your food? That ship's clear across the pond. Same. Let's go make a fire 'cause it's a beautiful fucking day. Is that what it is? What? Hmm?. Okay, pheasants. We got bacttobacktoback Coast Guard Zodiacs at our fingertips. But full disclosure, this team's got a bit of an attitude problem, all right? Little battle of leadership going on in here. All right? Sure, they got their center console skiffs, but they went through a lot of coaches in the process. Mundane details, boys. We want a twin engine jet boat. We want that cruise ship. That's the attitude, pylons. Now get in there. All right. What the. What are you two doing? Sorry, boys. Ladies. We didn't know you were ladies, boys. Um. Not ladyboys. We didn't know you were ladies. Do you think the door is open to everyone here? Just because MaryAnne looks like she's homeless, doesn't mean you can treat it like a shelter. Fuck you, BettyAnne. But she's right. Door isn't open to everybody here. Just because our mitt looks like the back of Christ's head, doesn't mean you can treat it like a church. Fuck you, MaryAnne. Your mitt looks like Babe Ruth's ball glove from the dirty '30s if 20 more dudes spat chewing tobacco in it. Your mitt's actually a work of art, BettyAnne. Like Salvador Dali's melting clocks, but instead of melting clocks, it's melting salad bowls of offpink icecream. Hmm. I love icecream, MaryAnne. I love all frozen treats. Your mitt looks like I squeezed a cherryred popsicle with a handful of dryer lint. Meet your new team, pheasants. You serious with that turtleneck? You could lose a lot of heat in the neck, as I like to say. You mean, cold? I wouldn't say I'm hot, but. Ugh. Most men I know wouldn't complain about something like that. You see the elephant? You mean next to the bus crash? That's the one. Yeah, I see it. You wanna talk about it? Let's talk about it. A woman can be what she wants. That is so nice of you to allow that. Not what I meant. I'm kidding. A woman should be what she wants. Better. There's no definition of a woman. It's the same as a man, there's no definition. No need to womansplain, I'm aware. But a woman should be with a man she finds.desirable. And vice versa. Like, longterm, like in a relationship. Can't confirm. I don't think you're it, cowboy. Oh, you think?. I know. Good enough. Good stuff. A shortterm. on the other hand. How short? A night. A night? An hour? Maybe more than an hour. A night. A night. Maybe even a morning. Maybe even a morning. 'Cause we didn't do all the things I wanted to do. Well, we talked, we ate. It was good, right? Thank you for supper. My pleasure. We talked, we ate, we sat by the fire. So, then the other thing. Good enough. Good stuff. Just kiddin'!.  Fifteentwo, the rest won't do. Fifteenfour, the rest don't score. Runs of threes, that's its for me's. Youse been playin' all fuckin' night? How'd it go, big brother? Do you all know what, aside from the end there, so fuckin' poorly. Called it. How poorly? So poor. He said, so fuckin' poor. Talkin' about ultra poor. Called it. What did I miss?. Taco night. But not just any taco night. LA taco night. Oh, there's no taco night like an LA taco night. Oh, yeah. You've never had taco night unless you've had an LA taco night. Oh, yeah. Well, if it's taco night in LA, then you must have had a hike. Did youse have a hike?. Oh, yeah. You can't have taco night in LA without havin' a hike. Oh, yeah. We had an LA hike, but it was so cold, it gets so cold in LA. Oh, yeah. It's a deserts, don't you know?. Oh, yeah. It gets just as cold in LA. It's just a different kind of cold in LA. Pull your finger out of your ass. That's what I say, I said pull your finger out of your ass, you're from LA. Oh, yeah. You've got to take La Cienega to La Tijera if you're going to LAX in LA. Oh, yeah. I will have another coldpressed juice 'cause we're in LA. Oh, yeah. I'm just poppin' down to Trader Joe's to load up on kombuchas in LA. Oh, yeah. You can stick your Hybrid Toyotas straight up your ass, it's all about Teslas now in LA. Oh, yeah. It's like you could never usually get a pizza that was that good in LA until now. Oh, yeah. We're gonna have a winter brunch outside on Melrose. 'Cause you can do that in LA. Oh, yeah. I'm taking improv classes at the UCBs, but only until the groundlings figure it out in LA. Oh, yeah. You better get joined in a burlesque troupe if you're going to LA. LA. LA. LA. LA? LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. Pull your finger out of your ass. That's what I say, I said pull your finger out of your ass. We went shopping for a whiskey night the other day. That's a big fuckoff bottle of Gus N' Bru. It's better to be looking at it then looking for it. You boys getting into it tonight? Yeah, it's a Texassized tenfour. That's a Texassized twosix. That's a Texas Micky, super shooters, let's get cracking. Wayne. What's the problem, Katy? It happened again. What did? Gus left a Mr. Big on the floor this morning. No, he never. He dropped a Hershey bar in the living room just last Tuesday, although upon closer inspection, it did look more like a Hershey's mint. Well, I'd sooner believe that was you, Squirrelly Dan. So watch how you speak on his name, you know? Hey, buddy. He left a Twix on the floor just yesterday. And what made it a Twix as opposed to a Big Turk, Dary? Well, there were two of 'em. They're identical, and they're side by each. Over and out. How would you ask somebody if you wanted just one of their Twix's? Well, just what you said. Can I have one of your Twix's? No, it'd be. Could I have a Twick? In any event, it's starting to look like Willy Wonka's emptying his pockets around your house, good buddy. Now, you's realize the weight of these allegations. These accusations. Can confirm. And you's realize the consequences at hand should your claim be false. Claims is's this. Can confirm's. I'll only give you's one more chance to retract. No questions asked. Before this conversation becomes a confrontation. We wouldn't be bringing it to you if it weren't worth being brought'en. But. Bring it on. Oh, it has been broughten. I'm just kidding around. He's a tenyearold boy, now. He's made me proud for a goddamn decade. He's been a real good bo. He's been such a bo. But he's a senior now. He's on the home stretch, and I'm trying to let him enjoy it. Snoozin' on the furniture, lots of human food. Leash is so long now, she's limp. And he's earned it. So you're just gonna let him drop Baby Ruth's all over the house? As opposed to what, Katy? Just give him a real good, stern talking to. Oh, yeah, and how's that gonna shake down? He's probably half fuckin' deaf. Aren't you, you fuckin' geezer? The same way it shook down for the last decade before you stopped disciplining him, just 'cause he's old. Okay, Katy. Katy, okay, I'm going in. Wish me luck. All right, was that you leaving Crispy Crunchers all over the floor? 'Cause that's a bad dog, don't you do that again, that's bad. Licketysplit. Ah, that's a wee bit aggressive. Oh is that what I'm being, Dary? Well, that's your pal you're talking to over there, fairly accusatory. I'd say give him benefit of the doubt. I wouldn't. Well, you didn't even ask him if he did it there. You just assumed, I think you're better than that. Okay, Dary. Dary, okay, I'm going back in, wish me luck. Aye. Was that you leaving Jersey Milks on the floor? Because that's bad, if that was you, that was bad. Don't you do that again ever, 'cause I'll be there. You're not taking this seriously. Oh, is that what I'm not doing, Katy? No, you're joking around and he knows it. It's, Bad boy, this is a bad boy. Hey, he knows that I'm joking but he doesn't know that you're joking. Don't say bad unless you mean bad. I'm sorry, Gus. That's okay, he's a good boy, he's such a boy. Why don't you just try using your real voice? It may permeate better. Okay, Katy. Katy, okay, I'm going back in. Wish me luck. Hey, bud. I noticed that you've been leaving Caramilks all over the floor, you know what's gonna happen? Someone's gonna step on one in the night and take a header, someone's gonna pull a full gainer down the stairs. Or at the very least, a half gainer. So what you wanna do is do that outside like a good boy. Please and thanks. I thinks we're almost there. Oh, is that where we almost are, Squirrelly Dan? Now, Professor Tricia says that when you're bringing a complaints to someone, they'll be more receptive to altering their behavior if you make it your problem. Make it personal rather than placing the blames on them. What are you fuckin' getting on about over there? May I's? Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Go on in, good luck. Gus, how are you now? Now, we've all noticed the Coffee Crisps around the house, and that's completely natural and nothing for youse to be embarrassed about. But I am quite worried I am going to slip on one and take a full gainer, or. Please look at me when I'm talking, Gus. Now, while I know that that is my problem, I know you don't want this to happen any more than I do. So I'm hoping we can works together to find a resolution to this problem. But besides that, we want you to know, we think you're doing a terrific job around here and we don't want to bothers you anymore than we needs to, so you have yourself a great day. I'm not going to make you sit through that buttfuckery, Bud, away you go. You're a good boy, away you go. Away you go. Look, I know he's just snoozing on the furniture all day, but you take him out for routine number twos. Tenfour? You try taking him out, Katy, he don't wanna. You can say, Hey, Gus, wanna rock one? And if he could talk, he'd say, I've had to rock one for a good seven, eight hours. Don't worry about that right now. I'm gonna grab another quick 20, 25 shuteye here, we'll circle back on the conversation later. But how about some good itchings and scratchings in the meantime? Whoo! Smells like Mr. Wonka's just emptied his pockets in the other room. Fuck. Well, everybody up, help me look. Better to be looking at it, than looking for it, eh? Ladies. Women. It has come to our attention that there may be a young man who has come between you girls. I mean. How do you mean? Well, BettyAnne, MaryAnne. We were told that you may be going for the same guy. Or, or that the same guy may be going for both of you. Impossible. How do you mean? The last guy that was into MaryAnne was the priest at Catholic school in grade six. And only 'cause he thought she was a boy. Well done, BettyAnne. Catholic school, grade six. Isn't that the same year you got the nickname Fisted Sister? Which you gave yourself? Ladies. Women. And a fitting nickname it was, BettyAnne. Your mitt looks like a boa constrictor unhinged its jaw in an effort to consume a combat submarine. BETTY Speaking of consumption, your mitt looks like the drooping jowls of a sharpei with a palsy and a water wing in its mouth. Your mitt looks like the back of Kelsey Grammer's head circa Frasier '94 if the cast each autographed his bald spot with multicolored lipsticks. Your mitt has more spiderwebs than a No Doubt set list, MaryAnne. BettyAnne, your mitt is so dusty, I can hear it singing Son of a Preacher Man. We've gotta go to the source, buddy. It's our only hope, buddy. Ferda. (FARTS, PLOPPING). I'm not helping you titfuckers or those twats. Give your balls a tug. We're at the bottom of the line here, Shoresy. You wanna talk about lines, you fuckin' loser? I woke up to your mum rippin' dickdingers off my foreskin, tell her to keep her hands off my scoops. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy, I made your mum cum so hard they made a Canadian Heritage Minute out of it and Don McKellar played my dick. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly. I made your mum so wet, Trudeau deployed a 24hour infantry unit to stack sand bags around my bed. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you both, your lives are so fuckin' pathetic, I ran a charity 15K to raise awareness for it, you fuckin' losers. Where is he? He was supposed to be here an hour ago. Everyone stay composed. I'm going to sever Everett's phalanges one by one, and forcefeed them to him, fondue style. Your terms are not acceptable, Roald. I'm going to rip off his ears and use them to tickle his taint. Oh, Jesus Christ. I'm going to scalp him of his skin, wear it like a costume, and perform The Rocky Horror Picture Show in its entirety, while he watches. I need to lie down. The end is nigh. Stewart! Would you come down here, please? Everett. Hey, dude. Did you hear all of that? Bits and pieces, something about a picture show in the Rockies. Everett. Give me the. Stewart. Glen? Stewart. Glen. This is. No it's not! .an intervention. Roald. Stewart. Roald! Stewart. Unhand Roaldie. Come. Sit. Stay. But. But. Oh, I like you. You're coming with me and Glen. Where? To a place where you can get away. Yeah. You can't mean. Oh, yes, Stewart. You don't mean. Yes, Stewart. No! Stewart. You're going to rehab. No! Yes. No. Yes. No! Yes. Ladies. Women. Sorry. It's okay. Um, we spoke with Shoresy. You did? And? And he, um. What? He said. What? He said you suck at hockey. Huh? Yeah, he said you should stick to Ringette. Huh? Yeah, he said that you should never ever let a woman do a man's job. He did?. Yeah. I was standing there like, What is this guy saying? And then he said, Who let the broads out of the kitchen? He did not. Yeah. And we were like, What? You can't say that. And he's like, Yeah, I can. They should be making me my supper. And I was, Whoa, dude. Did he? Yeah. I mean, we're like, Dude, you're crazy. Then he said, I mean, how'd they find time for hockey, while they're cleaning the floors and doing my laundry. Did he? Yeah, and that's not even. That's not even the craziest part. Like we were. And believe us, we had had enough at this point, but we were like, Are you sure about this? And he was like, Anybody can go backtoback. Yeah, and we're like, Dude, you better stop talking about those girls like that. Mmm. Better stop talking about those women like that. But he said, Talk to me when they go backtoback toback. That's what he said. MaryAnne. BettyAnne. What rhymes with hip, lip and dip? Ship. What rhymes with coat, note and tote? Boat. Why don't you say you, me and the girls put another one on the water? Backtobacktoback! You're driving. Would if I could, but I can't. Okay. You boys leaning into one tonight? Well, it's better to be looking at it than looking for it. How about our very own Shamrockettes? Playing for the fuckin' 'ship. When a local team plays for the championship, that's something the whole town can get behind. Creates a pretty good sense of community, too. And a series sweeps, no less. A wee bit of Meryl Sweep. Sweep in wolf's clothing. The lion sweeps tonight. Drive safe. Stewart gets out of rehab today, so I'm keeping it local. Pitterpatter. Wayne. Dwayne. Daryl. Cheryl. Dan. Pam. See youse brought your brooms. Shop's nothing but a couple sideroads down, though. Oh, youse didn't hear? We're working for Sweep Country Canada now. Don't fear the sweeper. Why don't you use those brooms and show us that little dance those fellows do in Mary Poppins? If we offer you a beer are we sweeping with the enemies, or. You should've used those brooms to sweep the cobwebs off of Letterkenny's trophy case. Well, it's good you got the beer sorted, but is that Donegal tap water still stinky, or. Youse got a liberal amount of beer there, not sure it's gonna be enough to drown your sorrows after we shitkick youse today. Youse are on the brink of elimination, read it and sweep. Hey. Win or lose, youse guys have still got the most ostrichfuckers per capita, right? That's the big picture. Allegedlys. Bet you wish you could put your head in the sand and ignore that one, huh? May the best town win. Ladies. None finer than you, MaryAnne. Women. None more admirable than you, BettyAnne. We've overcome adversity. Found a way to win. Let's get this fucking win, let's get this fucking sweep! And let's get this luxury fucking sea liner on the lake! League final, buddy. Game four, buddy. Suits on deck. What could go wrong?. Shoresy? Give your balls a tug. Shoresy! Titfuckers. We heard what you said about us, you sack of shit. Never let a woman do a man's job, huh? Watch this, we're just taking a break from cooking and cleaning to win backtobacktoback 'ships, asshole. I'll make you a sandwich afterwards, though, I'll shove it up your ass for you, too. You two are the silliest twats I've ever met in my whole fuckin' life. I didn't say any of that shit, you dumb broads. But I did say your breath could stop a Mack Truck, BettyAnne, I'll tell that to anyone who will listen. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, BettyAnne, your breath is an existential crisis, made me question my whole fuckin' life. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, MaryAnne, you got legs on you like redwoods, you could boxjump a bungalow. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly, your mum groped me two Halloweens ago, shut the fuck up or I'll take it to Twitter. Fuck you, Shoresy. You're a horrible fuckin' ref. Fuck you, Jonesy, take a look at me, I'm not even a ref, I'm a fuckin' linesman, but you can referee on my nuts, you piece of shit. Fuck you, Shoresy! I'd still smash you both if I was bored, but Reilly and Jonesy's mums get too jealous. Make yourselves useful, grab me a bag of dill picklers. Good luck, you fuckin' losers. Let's stick it to that fuck. Literally and figuratively. Who the fuck skates like that? Stewart's recovery has been. Remarkable. He is almost. Unrecognizable. Are you ready? Ready! Calm down, Roald. Stewart! Fuck the wave, pull your finger out of your ass. I remember when you could smoke in here. Yeah, we're gonna smoke youse in here, bud. Came here to do two things, launch this broom on the ice and drink, and the gal at the bar just told me I'm cut off. Your gals look slower than my tractor, of course, mine's got a HEMI in her. Your gals are having a tougher time finding the puck than NHL on Fox circa 1996. I've seen more hustle in chess. Still no heaters in here, eh? I remember Letterkenny mounting the 50. Let's go, Shamrockettes!. Let's go, Shamrockettes!. Let's go, Shamrockettes. Pass to me! Okay, ladies. Women.. Hurry up and score a fuckin' goal already, I'm getting the bedtime sillies. Fuck off, Shoresy, give us our timeout. Fuck you, Reilly, tell your mum to give me a timeout. The last time I tried that, she threatened to take a header on me into an empty pool at the Quality Suites. Fuck you, Shoresy, leave us alone. Fuck you, Jonesy, tell your mum to leave me alone, she's been laying in my fuckin' water bed since Labor Day. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you all, your lives are so sad, I get a charity tax break just for hanging out with you. Nice sweep, no sweep, give your balls a tug. Enough fuckin' around. Let's do this.  Shamrockettes! We did it, buddy. Can't believe it, buddy. We won a fuckin' 'ship. We bought that boat. Hmm. Yeah, it's Mum. Mine too. Probably wanna say congratulations. We were discussing headlines from the city newspaper the other day. Damn shame about MoDeans burning down. Do you know what? It's really something how we keep losing those locations to drink at. The Ukrainian Center is a healthy consolation, though. Well, everybody knows the cheapest beers are at the Ukrainian Center. With the Legion being a close second. When's Gail getting back from her South American singles resort? When she's had her fill, I suppose. Delicious pun. Thank you, Wayne. Thank you, Bonnie. Now, was that your tummy grumbling? Or was that you proper?. That'd be me proper. A little grumble in the jungle over there. Little grumble in the Bronx. A little royal grumble. It was a grumble proper. Now, I'm a devout pupil of Social Justice Warriors, Professor Tricia. The devoutest. But dare I say things in the city is getting wee bit out of hands. What's the frequency, Kenneth? Well, the story I just read here is quite the incredible chain of events. You know, there's so many causes now. They're just tripping right over each other. Well, it's better than driving into each other. That was a bit dark, Dary. What's the scoop, Dan? Here's the scoop. Bunch of gals said that they were gonna stop tweetings for a day out of protest for sexual abuses towards womens. And they encouraged mens to stops tweetings in supports of the womens. So, what's the problem? Oh, I wasn't finished. Well, what happened next?. I'll tells you what happens next. Some black gals joined in on the protest, but they got mad at the white girls protesting, because womens of colors didn't receive the same supports on similar issues. I think I see where you're going with this. Well, did something happen even after that?. Something did happen after that. One of the white gals asking for supports got supports from one guy, but she told him he could fuck right off because apparently he used to call gals broads back in high schools. But they are tweeting about not tweeting. Do I have that right? I got a feeling something even happened after that. Yeah, me too, Dary. Me too. I got that same feeling. Well, here's what happened even after that. The President of Iceland sends out a happy birthday tweet to his daughter, Alfheiour. And now all the gals saying that you shouldn't be tweetings turns hims into public enemy number one. And it's on Twitter they're doing that? And to the President of Iceland, they're doing that? Icelanders are the most lovable fucking people on planet Earth. One more thing even happens, so help me God. So help me God. Something else did happen after that, because it turns out the President of Iceland's daughter, Alfheiour, has got herself a case of the Down syndromes. So here comes the Special Olympics advocates, and they're in a real bad way. As they should be. If you wanna go at Iceland, you better have your fucking facts right. Well, here's the kicker, turns out the President of Iceland's daughter, Alfheiour, is also a refugee from wartorn Somalia what he's adopted. So that increases the tension between the womens of colors not tweeting and the white gals not tweeting. To top it all off, here comes World Vision, and they're coming in a'swinging. Fuck every duck. What next? Oh, here's what happened after that. Remember that first guy that they told to fucks right off 'cause he used to call gals broads back in high school? Turns out he's paralyzed from the waist down. So here comes the war amps saying, You better back the fuck off our guy. Enough's enough. I can't handle anymore. Well, there's no way there's more. There's no goddamn way. Wait. There is more. Turns out the President of Icelands is paralyzed from the necks down, so now everybody's back on Iceland's sides again. Oh, right where they should've been the whole fucking time. Now, it's from the neck down that he's paralyzed, you say? So, how does he even make a tweet? And they're all doing this on Twitter? Where else but Twitter would this be happenings? On the day they're not exposed to be tweeting? On the very same day they're not exposed to be tweeting. Jesus!.  Look what's happening in local news!. What? Stay tuned to find out. Well, the Letterkenny Chiefs is changing their names and logos. That sounds about right. Probably for the best. They had a good run. The only constant in life is change, as they say. The only constant in life is change? It's a wee bit to wrap your head around there. Well, the only constant around here is everything stays the sames. Anywho. According to the writers of the Letterkenny Banner, the whole world's going to hells in a hand baskets. Sounds about right. Probably for the best. We had a good run. As long as we're going in a hand basket. As opposed to what kind of basket? Well, there's a bazillion different kinds of baskets. Hand and waste paper. What else? Okay, so maybe there's not a bazillion different kinds, but. Yeah, it's definitely not a bazillion different kinds. Yeah, that's what I just said, There's not a bazillion different kinds of baskets. Well, don't come in here saying bazillion unless you mean a bazillion. Okay. I was just for emphasis. I was saying, Bazillion different kinds of baskets. Go ahead and name five kinds of baskets besides hands and waste paper. Okay. Floor basket, hanging basket, wall basket, bike basket, basketball basket. All right. I withdraw. Bamboo bakset, britan bakset, liquor bakset. Bakset? Yes, that's one of two words that Dary can't say right. What's the other one, Dary? Brefekst. Yeah, Dary can't say the word breakfast either. You wanna try, bud? Brefekst. Bakset. Attaboy. So, what are they changing the name to? According to this, they're letting the publics decides with an onlines polls. Ooh, boy. Not a good idea. Is there a worse idea? Currently, the Letterkenny Rough Riders is leading by a hair. Is that your tummy grumbling? Or is that you proper? No, that'd be me proper. What's the rumpus, grumpus? Don't you think that there's already too many Rough Riders in the area as it is? You got the Redford Rough Riders. And a one. You got the Welno Rough Riders. And a two. And don't forget the Greater Maddawascow Rough Riders. And a three. And that's just off the tippy tops of our heads. Does get a bit confusing during playoffs. People like to root for a Rough Rider. Yeah, but if we're all going to be Rough Riders, why even have teams? Why not just be a big bunch of Rough Riders? Why don't you just name the whole league the Rough Riders? Why even stop there? Why don't we just go ahead and name the whole human race Rough Riders? Like, you see what I'm saying. Yeah. Today, we're all Rough Riders. What exactly is a Rough Rider? I don't know. All's I'm saying is that there's too many of them. Don't you see?. So, what else is in the running?. Ah, second place is the Letterkenny Muff Riders. Yeah, I can get behind Muff Riders. Hmm. What else? Third place goes to the Letterkenny Foot Fuckers. Shouldn't that be in first place, on account that it has foot in the title, and it's a soccer team? What else? Well, fourth place is a tie between the Big Nickelbacks and the 69ers. Both good choices. I don't know who to root for. People likes to root for a 69er. I don't have a problem. I don't have. I don't have a problem. I don't have a problem. Where is it? It's right here. First, the meth. I think you do have a problem. I don't have a problem! You've never acted like this before the. This is all because of the. I've never seen it get its claws in so deep. Give me the dark web. Stewart! I need the dark web. You're killing him! It is killing you! Give me the dark web. Take the dark web. The dark web is yours. Okay, so you keep the meth over there, right? We do. Let me show you. I'm in. Letterkenny, the hard right is inside of you. Fuck! These stooges again. I don't see a video request from them. How am I hearing their voice? Must be some hightech dark web shit. Stu? Stu! Appreciate the Stooges reference. Everyone knows Curly was the original skinhead. Plus Ron Asheton from Iggy and the Stooges had a real Third Reich obsession. Good Christ! It smells like somebody's been smoking gate waves in here. The Chiefs are changing their name. Who? Your beloved junior soccer team. Who? Ah! Nobody cares about anything anymore. What about the history? The tradition? What's a junior soccer team? Some people still care, all right? You best believe. And we are recruiting. So, gentlemen, are you ready to join the hard right? Politics? We're anarchists. Yeah. Who cares if the soccer team changes its name? The hard right, that's who. Chiefs is a strong name. I remember a time when being called a chief was a good thing. People like to root for a chief. This used to be the heartland. Now, it is just the other heartland of farleft liberal cucks. Did somebody get their feelings hurt? Did somebody sign a petition? Uh, news flash, you're all caving to PC culture. You're just a bunch of farleft liberal fucking pinko snowflakes. Oh, we've been called worse. But might as well just change the name to Letterkenny Cucks. Regional champs of Cuckistan! Okay. This is what the failed patriarchy looks like. I'm so sick of you beta male SJWs. We're not SJWs. I actually identify as a wood nymph. Super weird. Be gone. Oh, we'll be gone. Just as soon as you betas show us where the alphas are. I'll see myself out. I assume all of you are following suit. He talks more than I do. That was weird. Ah, yes! Now we're talking. The alphas. Real men. No matriarchy in sight. Who the fuck are you? I'm Hard Right Jay, and I represent the Hard Right, a group with farright ideologies that rejects mainstream conservatism and endeavors to promote white nationalism. Oh, white nationalism? Good thing Gail, the owner of the old bars ain't here. Oh, small town bar owner, what is she, like a good sixthgeneration Scottish woman? No. What are you's getting on about over there? Did you dinks bring these dudes here? What's the first meal of the day, Daryl? Your mom. Attaboy. Breakfast! Ah, that's it, right. Jesus Christ. Yeah, yeah. Run away like true socialistas. At least your actions are consistent with your failed ideologies. You edgelords are a walking horde of participation trophies. Go back to giving out hand jobs for free. We're not socialistas. I'm still with her. We're anarchists. And our hand jobs aren't free. So. Forg. Forgive. Forgive them. They don't see the big picture. Yet. What's the big picture? You wanna see how deep this rabbit hole really goes? Or are you guys globalists? What's that? Ah! I'll admit, I was anticipating the low energy, country cuck road show, but you're curious. Color me glad. It's time to wake up. It's time for you to spit out all of the toxic sludge you've been spoon fed by the Ian Hanomansings and the Gloria Macarenkos of the world. We are a movement. Bowel movement by the looks of it. Ah, hachimachi, I like your fire. We could use more women in the movement. We have next to none, for reasons we can't quite decode. Pitter patter. Yes, pitter patter. All lives matter. News flash, the out of control PC police are forcing your beloved Letterkenny Chiefs to change their name. Yeah, we caught that. Yeah, well, we're here to protest that. Our legions of brothers will be joining me at John Letterkenny Field later. And we want you, the salt of the earth alphas, the stewards of traditional morals, traditional values, the silent majority, to join us. The fight against poor, uneducated libtards requires nothing short of a massacre. Now you're a bit fucking dramatic, eh? Why is keeping the name of the Chiefs important to you?. It isn't. Oh, oh, it's not. It isn't? Well, not really, in the long run. Nor the short run, really. Yeah, no need to get your jimmies all out of joint. Well, but you. You understand why it's important to fight the left? Yes? I didn't know it was necessary, much less important. The point is the government is trying to keep you and your humble agricultural livelihoods thoroughly cucked. It's time to wake up and smell the chem trails. It's time to stand up for your God given right to have kickass names for all your favorite teams, and fuck anybody whose feelings get hurt along the way. Oh, is that what time it is? Oh, you think I don't have feelings? You think my feelings don't get hurt? My grandfather has a pacemaker, right? Every time I watch the Indiana Pacers play basketball, it makes me think of Papi. And his irregular heartbeat. And it fucks me up, big time. You see me complaining to the Indiana Pacers or anyone in the NBA? Mmm, suck it up, buttercup. So? So what? So join us. Tell you what. I'll fight you for it. You and me. Sorry, what? What I'm saying is, I'll fight you. And if you win I'll come to the field with you. But if you lose, we're not asking for anything in return. Ah, you SJWs are a lost cause. I'm going to troll! Letterkenny Chiefs! Letterkenny Chiefs! We can do this, buddy. We can establish order, buddy. I know we can. HARD RIGHT. Of course you can. Ah. Hockey, eh? Fastest sport on Earth. And the whitest too, arguably, so bonus points there. Okay, the Catholic school games are on the other rink. Uh, we just, uh, thought you strapping alphas might want to know that the globalists are trying to turn your small town into a hive of postcastrati extremism. What the fuck's castrati? Uh, it's a pasta, bro. Uh, it's pronounced pahsta, bro. Is it? Today, it's the Letterkenny Chiefs. Tomorrow, it'll be your beloved Shamrocks. Well, you know, the Chiefs is kinda not PC though, buddy. We try to keep it, like, kind of in touch there. What if they decide to get butt hurt over the Letterkenny Shamrocks name next and force you to change it just because they don't know how to control their. Their fragile beta male emotions? What then, huh? You don't see a bunch of Irish people protesting here, do you? No, you don't. They're not,. Argh, please change your name! None of that's happening. You wanna know why? Because Irish people don't fucking complain about anything, all right? Irish people know how to take it like a champ, okay? You take their potatoes away, they don't say a fucking thing. It's pronounced potahto. Is it? It's called manning up, gentlemen. You might want to look into it. What do you think, buddy? I think this guy's a goof, buddy. Cool, buddy. Yeah, but. On that note, I'm not really a fan of the Shamrocks name. Really? Yeah. Me too, buddy. I mean, if we're talking about some kind of negative stereotype attached to that name, you know? Right? It's like, just because my name is Reilly, that doesn't necessarily mean that I'm a drunken leprechaun. Maybe we should change the name, buddy. What's this about a name change? If anybody should change their names, it should be us. What the hell's a Shamrockette anyway? A leaf with tits? Oh, this isn't your matriarch, is it? You can't just add ette to the end of the men's team and expect women to like it. We should change our names to something fierce and feminine and powerful. Like the Screaming Banshees. That's good, MaryAnne. Impressive creativity. Couple of hens clucking away. Especially for a girl who had to start kindergarten two years late because she couldn't grasp coloring. I've plenty of good ideas, BettyAnne. Like convincing your dad to get a vasectomy so I wouldn't have to worry about another you coming into the world while I fucked him. We were just starting to get them under control. You're screwing it up, bro. You're getting them all fired up again. Bringing family into it now, MaryAnne? I would never stoop so low, especially with the recent passing of your mother, who told me before she died that my dad is your dad too. You're fucking up our progress, man. Just get out of here. It's only gonna get worse too. Thanks a lot. Ah, these Tumblrinas have lost the plot anyway. Letterkenny Chiefs! Letterkenny Chiefs! Where the fuck is everybody? This is supposed to be a protest. We need people to protest and piss off and agitate. Ay, ay, ay. Whose idea was this stupid name change anyway?. Ours. S'up, Nazis? Nazi? Hilarious. Ain't nothing funny about this, honky. No, but Nazi, really? Nazi? Would a Nazi ride a Yamaha scooter? A pansy Nazi? Sure. Would a Nazi have a Jew for a lawyer? Could you refer me, asshole? 'Cause I'm gonna need one in a minute. Would a Nazi own a gameworn Tim Duncan jersey? You sniff that shit before bed at night, cupcake? Would a Nazi's favorite snacks include ramen, pad thai, or pho? It's pronounced phoe, Phoe, dummy. Oh. All right, would a Nazi get turned on by interracial gang bang porn? Who fucking doesn't? All right, I think we all need to chill out here. We're getting ahead of ourselves. We are an inclusive movement. I think you should join us. Is that what we should do? Yes. Think about it, Sacagawea. We share a lot. We have a lot in common. We both pride ourselves on traditional values, traditional morals. We share a very antiimmigration stance. You know, if you think about it, we actually share a lot of common ground. Historically, sharing ground hasn't been your strong suit. If you guys are here, then who's jerking off in your mom's basement? Somewhere there's a men's rights meeting missing their door greeters. Yeah, look. I get it. You're frustrated. It must be really exhausting never paying taxes your whole lives. All right. Enough chinwagging. Another hen cluck, cluck, clucking away. Hey, no one had a problem with this. No one had a problem until you's came to town. That's it. The Hard Right, coming to a town near you. Yeah, we didn't come here to counterprotest. Ain't nothing peaceful gonna happen today. Hey, we don't practice violence. We do. We don't practice violence. But we are prepared for it. All right. Let's go then. Let's do this. You and what army? That one. Golden pastures from here. It's all I see. Nary a chem trail in the sky. Possibility of a gentle Nor'Wester. Oh, three to five clicks by the look of her. Well, times to check in on the Letterkenny Banner. What's the latest? Was that your tummy grumbling or was that you proper? That was my tummy. Good enough. Well, it looks like they canceled the online polls to pick the new team name. Oh, is that what they did? Yeah, it seems like the Muff Riders was runnings away with it. Foot Fuckers made more sense by far. I'm disappointed. What are they going with instead? Rough Riders. Of course they are. Playoffs start next week. Who they playing? Runforough Rough Riders. That's gonna be a really good game. Must be hard kicking the ball in the snow. My money's on the Rough Riders. You're crazy. I got the Rough Riders by a mile. Care to make it interesting?. I'll put ten bucks on the Rough Riders. Make it twenty. I'll take that. I'm in too. See, Wayne, people love to cheer for a rough rider. The world's going to hell in a hand basket, big brother. In a what, Dary? Brefekst bakset. Attaboy.  Hats off to Tanis, boys. It's certainly a great day for Thunder Bay. Yeah, Tanis has outdones herself. She sure did. Say, where is Tanis? Well, Tanis the Tough gal. Homewrecker. Rocket. Sniper. Alpha female. Temptress. A bit rough around the edges. Tried to lure you in to the barn for a. Round of the bases. Homewrecking. Slam. Crush. Roll in the hay. Lay in the biblical sense. Toe curl. And the truth is you kinda wanted to. Pet heavily. Wreck your home? Rack up a kill. Score a take down. Have the best sex of your life. Fondle? Become one. But you didn't. Because that's not what a. Good 'ol boy. Real man. Straight shooter. Team player Seriously? Godfearing gentleman. Stand up guy. Does. On the contrary, a. Good 'ol boy. Real man. Straight shooter. Team player. Pussy. Godfearing gentleman. Standsup guy. Doesn't cheat. So while you walked towards the barn for what one would assume was a. Poke. Terrible fucking idea. Easy kill. Quick mash. Whatever you are into, baby. Lustful encounter. A lot of character is undertaken. You didn't. You got in the truck, drove over to Rosie's and. Now, Rosie is a. Real pretty gal. So fucking cute. Ten. Damn. Book reader. Goddess. Fine woman. You can't be with one woman and have feelings for another. You are of the opinion that cheaters are. In the wrong. Like, 95% in the wrong. Bad? Or. Seduced. Fair and square. Antagonized. Likely a good persons who just mades a mistake. And you shouldn't very well go down that road. So. Here's the thing. Okay, you go. No, you go. Okay, I'll go. I'm gonna move to the city. You are gonna move to the city? I'm gonna move to the city. What city? Vancouver. Well, you won't get many random snowy summer nights like this in Vancouver. Nope. So what's in Vancouver? Pit bull rescue. I'm tired of reading about it every day. I wanna help. You're a great fucking gal, Rosie. You're a great fucking dude, Wayne. When will I see you? When you see me. Good enough. And that's what a get out of jail free card looks like. Boy, howdy. Well, I should say. Sick buddy. Sick, bro. Can we bang now? Wondrous! I likes Monopoly. So, as for Tanis. Get after it. Sure. Killzone? Poundtown? We should be banging right now. Tanis. You could do much worse, good buddy. You and Tanis are gonna give her the old college try. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good enough. Good stuff. Finally, a nonsummer weddings. I'm smilings. Well, it seems a little bit unfair that at summer weddings gals get to wear a nice, breezy summer dress and then we're stuck being sweaty and sticky in some threepiece wool suit. I guess it can gets quites pongies down there. Yeah, it can get a bit moist. No. Who do you think is gonna moist the Stanley Cup, this year, Katy? I'm thinking Calgary. I swear to fucking Christ Oh, did you never see Moist Story? Or Moist Story 2, starring Tim Allen and Tom Hanks? Are you out of your fucking mind? I will fight you. We don't fight at weddings. So, Dary, are you gonna be wearing your dad's suit? Do falling timbers make tambers? Who the fuck are you? Yes, Katy. I got it for a grade 13 semiformal from the Letterkenny Op shop. Loves the Op shops. I'll take the Sally Ann. You know what? That suit is so dad the last time you wore it, it told me the Dire Straits were the greatest band of all time. That suit is so dad it ate all the lunch meat on the way home from the grocery store. The suit is so dad it owns a VHS copy of The Hunt for Red October. So, Dan, are you gonna cold rock a kilt? Like my Grandpas and his grandpas before him. A little class, a little sass and a lot of ass all in one tartans garments. Wayne, I assume you'll be wearing one of only two suits that you own. Two will do you. One for weddings and one for funerals. A good suit lasts you the rest of your life if you take care of it. What would you wear for a court appearance? I've never been arrested. What would you wear to a job interviews? I've only ever had one job. What would you wear to a bar mitzvah? Not Jewish. Bat mitzvahs? Still not Jewish. Graham's from the city. So there's gonna be a lot of citiots at this thing. I fucking hate citiots. They're always going on about how we're saying, fucking mud in our fucking hammies. Fucking riding our sleds down to a fucking pit party, bud. Giving her tits. I was climbing the ladder up the hay mound behind your brother and ew! Ripped a fart that sounded like a creaky door opening inside a hot air balloon, but. We do not fight at weddings. No, but we can get laid if we're keen to. Sexy just wafts around at weddings. Plenty of opportunities for people looking to do some yessing. A little bit of wedding spreading. A little bit of matrimonies and hide the balonies. Oh, sure, maybe some exchanging of rings and rubbing of things. Clear eyes. Full Windsors. Can't lose. Clean up well, Cowboy. Well, a good suit will last the rest of your life if you take care of it. And me? Well, I wouldn't kick you out of bed for eating fucking crackers, Tanis. Top shelf ceremony, boys. Short, sweet and not too much God. I'm told God doesn't have much time for gays these days, so. Par for the course, I guess. Real prouds of Dax and Ronsford jumps in the brooms like that. Good guys. Good grooms. I wonder what that must be like. What? Getting hitched? No, being into dudes. I've got so many questions. Yeah, and I wanna hear exactly zero of them. It's like, what if you are attracted to somebody with the same name as you? Is it like, How fun? Or is it fucking weird? It'd be fucking weird. Quite likely. That's never happened to me. Guess the closest I ever came to it was almost doing it with a gal named Sheryl. Yeah, I suppose it'd kindsa be like the time I almost hooked up with a gal who had the same names as my Grandmas. That would be fucking offputting. It was. It was distracting at inappropriate times. With. Ruth. I wish there was a goddamn way I could do it with a Katy. Ew! Or a Kate or a Caitlin. I guess Katherine would even be walking the line. There's no way I could do it with a Wayne. Ew! Unless it was Gretzky or Rostad. Or Newton. I'd bow to the great ones. I'd bend right over. I'd like Gretzky in my office behind the net. I'd be a jar of curry in a fucking hurry just feeding him all night long. I promised Mess I wouldn't do this. I just promised to mess. I'd let Gretzk leave my ass seriously McSorely I'd let that lady Bing lady bang me. That's 69 with 99 into overtime. I'd just straight up let him 99 me. Howdy who. Ah, what's a 99? It's just fucking while spooning. All right, boys. Show me what you can do with a cock. Hail!. Heyho. Oh, good day, lads. Did you ride your fucking sleds here? Oh, are you fucking matting her? Is she a charity ride, like, Holy Fuck? Just about clear putting it in the fucking rhubarb. Yous just gonna stand there rubbing your peckers or what? Oh, she's fucking tits, eh? D'you give her beans, bud? D'you give her boots, bud? Do you give her fucking torque?. Do you wanna get fucking smoke? Or are you taking her easy? If she's easy, take her twice, bud. We'll call you toonie two times. Let's do her manure. Isn't this the part where you. We don't fight at weddings. Those citiots can fucking tie their dicks in a knot. They can go piss up a rope. Gretzky, Rostad and Newton for Katy, eh? I'm surprised Lil Wayne didn't make the cut. What? Great dress, Bonnie. Thanks. Op Shop. You look like the girl who punched my V ticket. What's your nationality? You ever seen the back seat of a BMW X3? You should be honored. My buddy here only fucks tens. Only tens. Right in the X. Seriously, come outside. I'll show you the 3. It's actually the exact same as the 5. X5. BMW. Just way better on gas. Living the Beem. Stewart, I know you are the world's foremost fire selector, but this is a wedding and I promised the grooms we'd play songs like Brown Eyed Girl and Shout and Lean on Me, Ain't No Mountain High Enough and Mambo No. 5 Yous guys got the Chicken Dance ready to play yet? I fucking love that song, I'll tell you. I put it on in the barn for the cluckers when them peckerfaced bastards ain't dropping eggs, I just love it. Are you being facetious? Huh? Can your vestigial minds even comprehend the derogatory nature of your requests? Or maybe you could compromise? Do something cool like beat juggle the Chicken Dance? Here, take. Enough! Deejaying is an art form. A medium in which the most prolific audio auteurs of our time can speak through. A deep connection of the soul of yourself and the gyrating asses of the great unwashed who eagerly thirst for your deafening compositions. I like gyrating asses but I'm pretty sure it ain't art there, bud. Yeah, wouldn't you have to have written the songs yourself for it to be art? I'm sorry, composed? I think the word is produced. Right, or at least didn't download off the Internet so you could profit off them. Yeah, you are more like an art dealer than an artiste. Or like an art gallery curator. Selling stolen paintings. That you printed off the Internet. Whoa! If you do not fall back, and fasten that lip. Your other, thinner lip. I'll turn this elegant, soigne ceremony of the coming together of two bonded souls into a straight up blood rain. Hey! Over here. Chicken Dance. Get it? Just wanna go Good game you fucking beauties. Way to tape your sticks together, boys. You two make a hot pairing. Five minute major and a lifetime misconduct for butt ending. You boys enjoying yourselves? Acting single. Seeing double. Drinking triples. Daxy, I gotta say, solid work on the big city slam prospects. Solid big city slam scouting, Daxy. Boys, a little, uh, players only here. You are not pulling tonight. Yes, we are. These are modern city gals. None of them have any interest in hockey player types. Boys, big muscles haven't been popular with the ladies since Jersey Shore. The only way to get any attention from a cosmopolitan, college gal type is to get in touch with your inner twink. You need to be less power forward and more power bottom. We'll get our wedding stylist to help them out. So we need to. Spruce up our look? No. You gotta bruce up your look. So Professor Tricia says that Letterkenny has developed into quite the homosexual scene and we can rightly expects a Pride parades next springs. Never been to a Pride parade. What's it like? It's like a Santa Claus parade. Except instead of handing out candy, they hand out condoms. I should probably start thinking about a name right now. Great Day for gay. A Hard Gay's Night. Eyes Pride Shut. Pride Green Tomatoes. Pride of Chucky. Independence Gay. Ferris Bueller Gets Off. Star Wars Rogue One. The Princess Pride. Pride of Frankenstein. Pride and Go Seeks. Carlito's Gay. Night of the Giving Head. Lay Anything. Final Mantasy. Third Cock from the Sun. How fella Got His Groove Pack. The Gay the Earth Stood Still. Eat, Gay, Love. Dr. Strangelove or how I learned to stop wearing, Love the Bum. Bonnie and Pride. Oh, Bonnie McMurray. You boys tried the catering yet? I am chomping at the bit to get one of those cupcakes. Nots to be impolite, Dary but it's actually champing at the bits. Oh, you got those pits ready for your fucking ponies? How many ponies you got under your hood? You got a frigging hemmy under there? How many CCs is your sled? Do you fucking pin her when you get pickled there, bud? Oh, I really fucking gave it to her last night. Working hard or hardly working? What happened to the part where. We don't fight at weddings. I gotta piss. I'll come with you. Yeah, same. Okay, let's go. My cock he lives now. Redux. What's up, ladies? What is your nationality? Grow up around here? Have any tattoos? I got a Celtic symbol on my calf. I got a Nike swoosh right above my heart. I got you a drink. I swear it's not a roofie. Yes, it is. Of course, it is. Hey, that's a real nice dress. Look a lot nicer on my hotel room floor. You ever seen the front seat of a Honda del Sol? I'll have a roll in your hay any day. We don't fight at weddings. I got a Harman Kardon system in the 3. X3. BM motherfucking W, baby. It's actually way better than Bose. Dickskin? Dickens. Fellas, a list of my requests. To be played back two, back two, three, four, well I have five songs. No requests. How dare thou come into my private roost of penetrating beats with an audacious act of social and musical treason. Every single one of these is a Brooks and Dunn song. Starting with the Boot Scootin' Boogie. I didn't realize they had other songs. Of all the boogies, the Boot Scootin' is the last one I would and will ever torture myself or others with. I'll give you a Boot Scootin'. What about Blame It on the Boogie by the Jackson 5? Boogie, Oogie, Oogie, A taste of honey. Boot Scootin'. Boogie Wonderland, by Earth Wind & Fire Elton John's Street Boogie. This wedding needs a boogie and it's gonna be Boot Scootin'. Born to Boogie, T Rex? Boogie Woogie Wu, Insane Clown Posse. Zip Gun Boogie, T Rex again. Take the damn boogie and make it a Boot Scootin'. I'm Your Boogie Man, KC and the Sunshine band. I'm Your Boogieman, White Zombie. I hoped it wouldn't come to blows over a boogie. But I'll damn well go to blows. For the Boot Scootin' Boogie. Not happening, Dickskin. Dickens! I got it. I got it. I got the Chicken Dance. Went home and got it out of the cassette player in the tractor. You play it now or later. Either way, you'll play it. Or you'll die. What's with the super sad glassware, boys? What's with your hair? Oh, just got some big city prospects. Don't wanna risk putting a big goose egg up on the board. Don't wanna fan on a yonny cage, buddy. So, we bruced up our looks. What does that mean? Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it, yeah. How's that going for ya? Uh, good. We got bites. Yeah. Well, we got like, a. A bite. They were 50 though. I took down an older lady once. It was kinda fun. Kinda weird. Why? Well, after she made a pizza. Sick, buddy. She ordered a pizza. No, made a pizza. From scratch, buddy. I had to sit and talk while she made a pizza. You two look like dandies. You look like pansies. You know, the landscape might be changing but manly men never go out of style. Hello, ladies. Yeuch, I can't drink this shit anymore. What am I a ballerina trying to get skinny? I'm gonna get some rye, babe. Cheers. Katy got hit on by a top hat guy. A top hat. A guy in a top hat. I'd rather take down a city than a guy in a top hat. Oh, I don't know, Ms. Katys. Some men looks quite statelys in a top hat. Scrooge McDuck comes to mind. Mr. Peanut. Slash. The guy from T Rex. Abe Lincoln. Uncle Pennybags from Monopoly. Willy Wonka's. The Cat in the Hat. Guy from T Rex again. Oh, hey there, buds. Is she a manual? Or are you driving a bitch stick? You like bud lite? You like butt holes around here. Oh, did you get your pecker stuck in a bottle of brew? Where's your sweety bud? Did she leave you to your John and your John Deere? Where's your John queer, bud? I was brought up on Looney Tunes and only dancing when nobody's around. Learned the heck out of it that way, Dan. I am fucking irritated. We don't fight at weddings. Right. We don't fight at weddings. Ten four? Over and out. Hello, ladies. Ladies. Can we interest you in a shot of sourpuss? Perhaps a half glass of white zinfandel? Have you looked at any interesting furniture lately? I admire his eye for interior design. What are you two going on about? You are really missing the mark. You know, metrosexuality went out of style with the Von Dutch and Chingy. We are into men. Classic men, athletic types. You don't look like you can fix my car. You don't look like you can fix a sliding screen door. What? Wha. What? We're . We're hockey players. We're the snipe, celly boys. Dirty fucking dangles boys. What are you guys going on about now? Now you are just being posers. It's pretty pathetic. Even if you are hockey players, we are not puck bunnies. Or lacrossetitutes. I don't even drink. I drink beer. Where are you guys staying tonight? There's only motel in this shit hole, so that one. I've never ridden in a BMW X3 before. What about a BMW X3 with a luxury leather package? She just said she'd never ridden in one, idiot. Take me home. Ladies and gentlemen. The song for the first dance. Chosen by. The grooms. I can't wait to take sauce from you and slot from now until the horn blows at the end of quadruple overtime. Playoff rules, nice. There was always an open bet. I'll take the tender tonight. A six man, you know what I am talking about. As long as you can bury. Oh, we will find a hole. You can't slip one past me. Let's steer this back.  Your friend Dary said he can beat up your friend Dan the other day. You're dreaming, bud. Am not. Are, too. You're Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, bud. All I'm saying is, if it came down to it and I hope it wouldn't. Well, see you're soft on it already, Dary. I could beat Dan in a fight. You're mixing a Hardy, bud. Am not. Are, too. You're down there mixing a Tom Hardy. Oh, I would smash that dude like a Terry's Chocolate Orange Same. How's your beers?. I'll have a beer. Must be nice, you can pick up some extra shifts here while Gail's down at her South American Single's Resort, huh, Bonnie? You wanna know what? If two of my bars burnt down I'd be fucking off, too. I'm envious of that old goat. It's light lifting. This place could run off honor system if it had to. Okay, Katy and Bonnie, who do you think would win a fight, me or Dan? Dan. Why don't you two just arm wrestle and get to the bottom of it. No. Why not? Well, because arm wrestling is not a legitimate barometer for strength, and certainly not toughness. You're either born a good arm wrestler or you're not. Youse could leg wrestle. No. Why not? Well, because if they're on the floor rubbing their legs together, they've both lost. How are we gonna sort this out? Oh, youse could have to fight. No. Sure. See, you're a good friend, Dan. How is Dan a good friend in all of this? Well, Dan sees you're quite upset about this. He's willing to put his beer down, come over there and beat the shit out of you so that you're over it. Tyson, who would win in a fight between Dan and Dary? Dary. Yes. Why? Longer reach, quicker on his feet. Not above a nut shot or a hair pull. Joint Boy? Squirrelly Dan. Why? 'Cause he's Squirrelly. Who do youse think would win in a fight between you two?. Me. You?. Me. See, now there's a good friend. Fifteenfour and I'd hoped for more. Fifteentwo, that's where it's new. Zeros, which is also knowns as a 19's hand, 'cause a 19's hand is impossibles to get in the games of Cribbage.  Coolin' down out there, folks. Down to about 10 degReese's Peanut Butter Cups. Anywho. Based on length of past spelling bees, coupled with speller proficiency, this year's bee will be single knockout. Sudden death overtime begins right now. Could I use the toilet? I don't know. Can you? May I use the toilet? Yes, you may. Katy, the first word is yours. Shut up! Shut your fucking mouth! You think this is the PGA? You can just hoop and holler whenever you want? Baba fucking booey? We respect our athletes here, so sit down, shut up, and enjoy some fucking adult spelling. Katy, your word is Farceur. Farceur. Can I get a definition, please? A writer or actor of satire. Farceur. Hence, farce. Farceur. FARCEUR. Farceur. Correct. They should be able to clap if she gets one right, Squirrelly Dan. Yeah, like that's what we've done in the past. Yeah, but looks at what happens last years. Yeah, but she's used to getting cheered for, right? We don't want her to get inside of her own head if no one cheers for her. It's the last thing we fucking want. It's too risky, Dan. Okay, I'm sorry for my outburst earlier. I came at you with a lot of anger and that was unnecessary. You can cheer if someone gets a word right, but its starts and ends there. I don't wanna hear a fucking fart out of any of you if someone gets a word wrong. As sure as grandma's got gout, if I hear one fucking heckle, I will staple your tongue to your taint, so you can watch me kick your ass. Jimmy, why don'ts you repeat the last thing you said there? Correct. Stewart, the next word is yours. Goddamn, it makes me hot when a man can spell. I do love a good tongue. Reilly and Jonesy can't spell for shit. Fucking idiots. Stewart, your word is Disparate. Disparate. Distinct in quality and character. How appropriate. Disparate. DIS PARATE. Disparate. Correct. Spell my name, Stewart. Spell it. What else can you do with that tongue? Reilly and Jonesy can't spell for shit. Fucking idiots. And with that, Reilly and Jonesy, the next word is yours. Reilly, Jonesy. Your word is. Hockey. Uh, this is the. Okay. Hockey. Can I hear the word used in a sentence, please? Uh, okay. The Letterkenny Irish are a Senior A whale shit hockey team that recently folded. Hockey. H. O. K. C. C. K. E. Y. Y?. Yeah. Y. Are you finished?. Yes. Correct. Yeah. Fucking idiots. Thanks. Joint Boy, the next word is yours. Joint Boy? Joint Boy! I suppose it is his name. Joint Boy. Your word is Ensconce. Ensconce. Got a fuck load of joints ensconced in this fanny pack. Ensconce. ENSCONCE. Ensconce. Correct. Yes! Can I use the toilet again? Can you cancan? Can you do the cancan? Good thing it's not the Grammar Bee. McMurray, the next word is yours. Wayne! How'r ya now? Not t'bad. And you? Uh huh McMurray, your word is Confrere. Confrere. Definition, please. A colleague or comrade. Confrere. With confreres like this who needs enemies. Okay, Confrere. CONFRARE. Confrere. Uh, I'm sorry, McMurray, that is incorrect. The proper spelling of confrere is CONFRERE. Exactly what I said. I thought I heard CONFRARE. Well, you're mistaken. I do apologize. Oh, don't worry about it, Dickskin. Dickins. Exactly what I said. Dickskin. We sure we got the right Master of Ceremonies for this thing here, okay? I think you need to get your earwax checked, Dickskin. Give 'em a fucking break, Jim. They've been spelling their goddamn hearts out up there. Call an intermission. There was no intermission slotted for today's bee. We'll press on. How many words gots to gets spelled before someone just keels over. Someone's gotta start asking the tough questions around here. I've seen this before, Jim. It's time we learned from it. In the words of arguably the greatest Canadian rock band of all time, The Tragically Hip, It's a good life if you don't weaken. Also in the words of Gordon Downie, legendary lead singer of The Tragically Hip, I can make you scared if you want me to.. Hey, okay. That's good then. Fifteen minute intermission, everyone. Sorry about that, Wayne. I'll get her hydrated. Youse get Reilly and Jonesy on Jim Dickins' radar. Some buttfuckery at play there. Jims. Now I know you noticed that Reilly and Jonesy's words are simpler than everyone else's, and quite suspiciously all hockeysrelated. Yep, there's a wee bit of buttfuckery at play here, Jim. This has been the system ever since Uncle Eddie won the very first Letterkenny Adult Spelling Bee. in the late '60s. We must honor it. Exactly. And aren't you guys the ones that are always saying you shouldn't fuck with tradition. It's fucking embarrassing. Jim, McMurray's screwing the system, here. You can't understand what he's saying. He's pulling the wool over your eyes, cowboy. Well, well, well. Ain't not hater quite like a spelling bee hater, now, is there? What's the matter, Tanis? You got some money riding on the bee? Money? There is to be no betting at the Letterkenny Adult Spelling Bee. Your dirty money is an insult to the integrity of the sport. Yeah, Tanis. All this time talking could be spent spelling. It's not called a Spelling Talk, it's called a Spelling Bee, and we're here to be spellers! Where's the bounty. We're dry. We need sustenance. You smoked like 20 onegram cannons. Like how are you even conscious right now? Fuck. You got this. Katy. This is getting out of hand, Stewart. Too much for you? What? Did you think this would be silent eeeasy?. Yes. Stay hydrated. There will be no more intermissions, and there better not be any degenerate gambling. Amidst allegations of contest rigging, there will be a new order for the spellers. I will be selecting names randomly from this hat moving forward. Fedora's a dumb fucking hat. It is, but I do believes that that's a dumb fucking trilbys. Joint Boy. The first word is yours. Fuck. Joint Boy, your word is Dithyramb. Dithyramb. JOINT. Dithyramb. DITHY. YRAM. Dithyramb. Incorrect. There's a silent B, dumbass. Fucking idiot. Fuck! Joint Boy, you are the first to be eliminated. Please take a seat off stage. Reilly and Jonesy, the next word is yours. Reilly, Jonesy, your word is Bosky. Bosky.  Can I have the definition of the word, please? Having abundant trees or shrubs. Bosky. Sounds a lot like brosky, buddy. How do you spell brosky? I don't know how to spell anything, buddy. Fucking idiots. Maybe we should just take the R out of brosky? I don't think there is an R in brosky. I'm going in on brosky, buddy. Yeah, good luck on brosky, buddy. Fuck, yeah. Brosky, uh. I mean, Bosky. BOSKI. Bosky. Incorrect. Fucking embarrassing!. McMurray, the next word is yours. McMurray, your word is Penalty. Penalty. Hey, that was supposed to be Jonesy and Reilly's word. Well, that's fucking embarrassing. Penalty, penalty. PENLY. Penalty. Incorrect. The correct spelling of Penalty is PENALTY. Exactly what I said. No, it isn't. Youse ever see that movie Dick Tracy The one with Warren Beatty? I would smash that dude like a neighbor's pumpkin on devil's night. Same. Well, Dick Tracy used a similar machine to slow down and decipher the speech of an appropriatelynamed character, Mumbles. What?. Let me show you. This is Mr. McMurray's answer at normal speed.  PENALTY. Penalty. See? Now this is his answer slowed down.  PENALDY. Witch! McMurray, you're eliminated. Please take a seat offstage. Penalty. Youse want to get hammered? Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached our final two contestants. Let's give them a round of applause. In the final round, if a speller misspells a word. his or her opponent will then have a chance to steal. Katy, the first word is yours. Katy, your word is Triskaidekaphobia. Triskaidekaphobia. Triskaidekaphobia. TRISKAID EKA PHOBIA. Triskaidekaphobia. I'm sorry, Katy, that's incorrect. No. No, Jim. that's how you spell Triskaidekaphobia. That's not what I'm reading on the card here, Katy, I'm sorry. Stewart, you now have a chance to steal. Settle down, people. Settle down. Triskaidekaphobia. TRISK ADEKAP HOBIA. Triskaidekaphobia. Correct. Stewart, you're backtoback champion of the Letterkenny Adult Spelling Bee. Wait! Katy, had it right. It was wrong on the monitor. Triskaidekaphobia is spelled. TRISKAI DEKAPHOBIA. Which is exactly what I said. No, it isn't.  TRISK ADE KA PHOBIA Silent I win. Champ! Yes! Yeah!. Why? Anyone wanna double me home, ladies? Everyone knows how to spell Triskaidekaphobia. It's the most common word used in spelling bees. I know that, but there is a reason that I spelled. Fucking idiot. Fucking idiots. Oh, fuck, buddy, it's Coach. Probably gonna ream us out. Fuck, what does he want, buddy?. Who could it be?. Give your balls a tug, you titfucker. You were sippin' suds with your buds the other day. Hey, Dary, real quick. Blank, lunch and dinner. Brehfekst. Oh, boy. Can I be honest with you guys for a sec? Oh, careful, Dary. I'd suggest everything you've said up until now has been a lie. And you've said lots of things. Like, when someone starts a sentence with Don't take this the wrong way. Guess what? I already did. Yeah, the same thing if people start a sentence by saying, You're gonna hate me for saying this. Guess what? I already do. Or, when people start a sentence by saying, You're not gonna wanna hear this. Guess what? I already don't. No, it's just an observation. Well I'm curious as to know why you thought it required a preface. Well, because I'm aware of how it might sound. Quit beatin' around the bush, Dary. Yeah, Dary, I don't remember you been such an aroundthebush beater. Oh, fine, now I'm not even gonna say it. Say it. The only thing worse than saying, You're not gonna wanna hear this, is when someone says they have something to say, and they don't say it. You're digging your heels in like a 12yearold girl. When in doubt, spit's it out. Okay, fine, I'm gonna say it. Okay, here goes. You know microbrewing? Like, craft beer? Yeah. I always thought it was craft beard, on account of the guys who make it always have beards. So, it was all that for just this then, eh? Thank you for inviting us into the circle of trust, Dary. I believe the preferred term is, lumbersexuals. Well, craft beard makes a pocketload more sense. You know, craft beards doesn't really bother me. But it's the clever wordplay that goes into the naming of it that I finds hard to swallow. Like, So hoppy together, or Barley breathing. Now, why don't you just call them what it is? It's fuckin' beer. Beer and headlights. Yeah. I'll contribute. Ale by comparison. Stout and about. Sounds actually pretty good, Stout and about. Stout and about's not bad at all, actually. I'd drink some stout and about. I'm surprised we're not drinking a stout and about right now. I think what you wanna do is you wanna put an animal in the name 'cause people love animals. Like, Cute Koala Cream, or Happy Hamster Honey. No, no. What you wanna do is you wanna put a berry in the name 'cause people love berries. Partridge Berry Pilsner, or Alderberry Ale. Pleasing to the ears and the mouth. No, Dary. Dary, no. No, Dan. Dan, no. No, Katy. Katy, no. What you're exposed to do, is put something cozy in the names 'cuz people like being cozy, right? Like toque or mittens. And then, if you really wanna double down on it, you put something outdoorsy in the name because people love being outdoors. Like, lake, or mountains. So what it's really gonna boil down to is Toque Lake Brew co, or Mountain Mittens Alpine Ale. Blanket Fire Light. There you go, Dary. The other ways to go is to use a clever, but ironical statement. Like, I'm bitters. See, I'd go suggestive. Like, Slipitin cider. Katy. What? Let's get this gal a fuckin' puppers. Dary, have a shot? I'd have a shot. Dan, have a shot? I'd have a shot. McMurray, have a shot? I'll have a shot. Tyson, have a shot? I'll have a shot. JB, have a shot? I'll have a shot. Fuck, boys. let's have a shot. G'day? Et JeanCarl. Et JeanPierre. Mes amis. Are you's up at your chalet in the Laurentians having a Laurentide, or what? You know, you's got some pretty choice gins there in Qbec. You ought to hammer on one of those. Can do. What, like, a buckanddoe? Numbers? Well, I happen to be sitting with the first team allstars as we speak. A bientot. Who wants to go to a buckanddoe in Qbec? Staganddoe, I'll never say no. A JackandJill, always a thrill. Drinkanddance till you shit your pants. Love a good turnandstomp. Love a sipandspin. What's a sipandspin? Who the fuck are you? A sipandspin. Staganddoe. JacksandJills. Drinkanddance. Turnandstomp. Or a buckanddoe, is a prewedding party thrown by the best man and maid of honor to raise money for the bride and groom's big day. Oh, cool. Get the fuck out of here, dude. In Winnipeg, they call them socials. Can confirm. You know, Winnipeg has a very large Ukranian population. Not too many people know that. Hey, Jewish and Italian, too. Not too many people know that. Whose gulp and grind is it? Remember Anik? Oh. Well, that's why you gotta strike while the iron's hot, big shooter. Another French gal that got away. I can't catch a break. Who's drivin'? Oh, fuck, not me, I'm hammered. Dary, you hammered? Oh, I'm hammered. Dan, you hammered? Oh, I'm hammered. McMurray, hammered?. I'm hammered. Tyson, you hammered? I'm hammered. JB, you hammered? I'm hammered. Fuck, boys, we're hammered. And how's that for ya? Well, it's not too bad for me, but right about now it's not smart, really. Well, I'm not missin' out on French boys. Look, I'll drive, but I'm not fittin' all of youse in my truck. Pete and Repeat. Guys wanna go to a buck and doe? Oh, fuck, yeah. I didn't even know there's a drink and dance tonight. How we not know about a swingandsway? It's not here, it's in Quebec. I got no reason to say no. Let's slam some rheumy skin. Let's get our meat smoked, boys. Fire a little batch of Celine Dijon. Let's go. Okay. Good. You're drivin'. Hold your horses now, hold your horses. All right? McMurray, how are you, now? I'm a teensy bit concerned, Wayne. How's that? What's the problem, McMurray? Youse guys got some French pals who want us English dudes to go to their party in Quebec, right? Right as Dan's jerk hand. Right. Except, youse gotta realize that, in all likelihood, your French pals probably have some French pals who doesn't want us English dudes to go to their party in Quebec. Right? Left. Right. Quebec damn near left Canada. Separatism is alive and well in Quebec right now, mon freres. Well, they just had the referendum damn near yesterday. Mmm. If, by yesterday, you mean a quarter of centuries ago, then, yeah, I can back that. I said, It feels like. No, you didn't. Did, too. No, you didn't. Did too. Did not. See? The French is causing separation separatism right here, right now. Settle down, McMurray. Alls I'm sayin' is, if they're not happy to see me, then I ain't pretending to be happy to see them. You heard it here first. When a friend asks for help, you help him, and that's all there is to it. Dary, you'll have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. Dan, you have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. Tyson, have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. JB, you have a scrap? I'd have a scrap. I don't even know what your fuckin' names are. We'll have a scrap. Fuck, boys. Let's have a scrap. I'll have a scrap, too. My terms are nonnegotiable. This is gonna be a long drive. Wait up, sum'bitches. Whoopsie Goldberg. Hey, come over here and shake my hand, good buddy. Oh, it's Stompin' Tom. Is that fella Cock Quacin still bummin' around? How's Jim Cutey and Micheal Bubbly? About as good as Kim Mitchell, there, Cocket Richard. Yeah, long live the hip. Here we go now. So you guys got Celine Dion all cued up in there? What's the scoop? We've got Allanus Morissette. Who are youse? Excusezmoi. Cute. JeanGuy. JeanPierre. JeanCarl. That's Anik. McMurray. Yeah, I guess that makes me Jean McMurray. McMurray. I've been called worse. And Jean Daryl? Jean Dan? That's Jean Squirrelly Dan. I'm Jean C. Reilly. I'm Jean Bons Jonsi. Actually, my middle name's John. You know, French people don't have middle names, right? Anik. JeanClaude. JeanLance. Buck and doe. He wouldn't let me invite English family to the wedding. So I said we have to have a buck and doe so they could be included. Well, how very charitable of you. Wow, si, mon frere. Youse go grab us a pint. I'll get the tickets. Very good old boy. Oui. No girlfriend? Pourquoi? Oh, no, no, no. No, no. Okay. Okay. Mo. Very hot. Okay. My niece. Beautiful. But. Merci, monsieur. Jean Claude. What is it? Drink it. I'm gonna have a piss. Throw a few darts first, maybe. Jesus H! That is fucking good. Sortilege. Maplesyrup whiskey. What a pairing! Mmhmm. That's good. Isn't that good? That's good. Isn't that good? That's good. Isn't that good? No, that's good. Isn't that good? That's good. Fuck, boys. That's good! Fuck, boys. I'd have another round. Next round's on us, boys. Let's go! So what do youse guys do for work? JeanPierre works at Jacutsue. And what about you, JeanCarl? Uh, me? You know TD? TD Bank? Huh? TD. TD Bank. Titty Bank? Yeah. TD. Titty Bank. Titty Bank. TD Bank? TD Bank. Huh? TD. TD Bank. Huh? TD Bank. TD Bank. TD Bank. Huh? Come on. TD Bank. TD Bank. I wanna make sure I'm hearing this right. Titty bank? Titty bank. Oui. TD Bank. I'm not happy. No? But it's your bock et biche. I thought I was. Planning the wedding was a nightmare. And then, I saw you. Titty bank? So like, a rip club. That's what I thought. TD Bank. TD Bank. It is TD Bank.. Oh. TeeDee Bank. Yeah. TD Bank. JeanGuy, you have a scrap? JeanCarl, have a scrap? JeanPierre, have a scrap?. I'll have a scrap. Fuck, boys, let's have a scrap. So what was all this talk about a titty bank? Is it close by or. MapQuest it? Or. Should we get a motel, and stay the night, or. McMurray. Katy. So you know? You hear that? Oh. That's the most aggressive twostep I think I ever heard. That's no twostep. Huh? It's showtime. You must forgive me for not washing my hands. We gotta go! Roger. I told him I couldn't marry him. Is that what you did? I told him I was not happy. Good enough. I told him I was in love with an Englishman. Good enough? I told him I was in love with you. That's good stuff. Do you like to dance? I fuckin' love to dance. Let's go. You're having a conversation about your pal's second cousin. The other day. Who, Jarret?. No, Garrets. He's a good guy. He took me to the movies in grade six, and he wouldn't hold my hand. A young man's hands can get sweaty in that sort of situation. Then put your arm around me, what's the problem? Anywho, Garrett's movings down to Los Angeles to try to be an actors. He's winning for the weather alone. Negative. It shouldn't be warm all the time. Four seasons helps keep a man regular. Like a bowl of brans in the mornin'. Huh. Garrett's moving down to LA to be an actor. Isn't that something you just kind of are? It's not as if a librarian can just call themselves a librarian without collecting a paycheck. They got to work. That's correct, Ms. Katys. So Garrett is moving down to Los Angeles to try to earn a livings as an actor. Can you do that? Do whats? Well, earn a living as an actor. That's a thing? Sure it is. So, you can earn a living as an actor, you say? Yeah. How do you think Brad Pitt bought all those paintings and became so passionates about architecture? I would smash that dude with a category five hurricane off the coast. Huh, Garrett's going to LA to make a living as an actor? What a time to be alive. LA people should shut the fuck up. They eat tacos. What's this? What, you've never met one before? That's all they fuckin' talk about. Hey, you like tacos? Let's get some tacos. You know who's got great tacos? Well, these guys have the best tacos. You like tacos, right? Tacos, tacos, tacos. Venice Beach tacos. It's fuckin' fish steak or carnitas wrapped in tortitas. How good can it fucking be? He's right. There! LA people should shut the fuck up about hiking, too. What's this? What, you never met one of them before? It's all they fuckin' talk about. Have you ever been on this hike before? This is the best hike I've ever been on before. Hiking, hiking, hiking. Runyon Canyon. Hiking, hiking, hiking. Just an asshole's word for walkin'. I wasn't born yesterday. It's all tacos and hikes, hikes and tacos. Why don't you ever hike while you have a taco, you fuckin' asshole? But how are youse to know that hikings and tacos aren't better in LA? They are. Aren't they? Everything's better in LA. Says who? People in LA. Yeah, didn't you never not notice that people from up here go down to LA, and then they come back up here calling it, LA? Is that what they do?.  LA. Thank you. LA. And everything's better in LA? What, you never met one of them before? That's all they talk about. What, you've never even been to LA? You have to come to LA, you'll love LA. LA, LA. Toyota Hybrid fucking cars. LA. Oh, yeah, you think you know tacos, eh? I'll tell you, you're some kind of fucking asshole if you think you know tacos, you never had a taco in LA. Think you know hiking? You've never seen a hike until you've had a hike in LA. Ugh, I hate the weather up here it's so much warmer in LA. Oh, yeah, didn't you not know it gets just as cold in LA? It's just different kind of cold in LA. It's a desert, you know? Pull your finger out of your ass. That's exactly what I says, Pull your finger out of your ass.. Now, hold your horses here. Who's do youse knows that's ever beens to LA? What's this about LA?. Whose crib is it anyways?. I dealt, my crib. I loves cribbage. Run of three, that's it for me. Run of four, I'm out the door. Uh, fifteentwo, double on the eight for ten, and jack of suits for elevens, which is a pretty hard numbers to rhymes with. Ooh! What's we gettin' all dressed up for, Mr. Saturday Nights? Are you sure you're not tryin' too hard, with that button done up there? Now, youse know Tanis and I are givin' it the ol' college try. You know, I get ending things with Rosie because you have feelings for another woman. She reads too much. She up to somethin'. .and I back that. Thank you, Katy. But. don't you think Tanis is a little. rough around the edges? How do you mean? Isn't her, uh, soil a bit rocky? Isn't her grain a little bit rough for the lays? Well. only one way to find out, super chieftains. So many offseason reps, buddy. So many preseason reps, buddy. Say no to the juice. Ain't fucking baseball, buddy. We dug deep. Buried down. Time to show the boys some gains. Coach's gonna flip when he sees these gains. Gain Gretzky. Gain The Rock Johnson. Shania Gain. Gains, Trains and Automobiles. Let's show these boys that legends walk amongst them. Hashtag, legendlife. You guys wanna go back out and try that again? Maybe it's the lighting in here, but I'm not seeing any gains. But. Doesn't matter. Team folded. Why? There's not enough bodies. Why? 'Cause it's Senior A whalesshit hockey! The way I see it, you got three options. Option number. You can go to the next town and play for them. Travel for whale shit? Gains for whale shit was even a stretch. You didn't get gains. Traveling for whale shit, that's a stretch too far. Option number. Hang 'em up. Well, there's good rubber left in these wheels, though, boys. Let's do power skating, bro. Oh, good call, bro. And option number. Join a championship team right here in Letterkenny. Hmm. .as coaches. .with me. Oh. Team's already won backtoback ships. We've actually never won a ship, buddy. On track to win backtobacktoback boats. Love to win a boat, buddy. Yeah, buddy. Then come on, let's win a fuckin' sea liner. Let's win a Great Lakes freighter. Let's win a cable ferry. Let's win a cabin cruiser. Let's win a Boston whaler. Let's win a recreational trawler. Let's win a paddle steamer! Let's win a pleasure barge. Let's win an outrigger. Let's win a freshwater vessel! Let's win a naval drifter. Let's win a water Rambo! Let's win a landing craft! Let's win a saltwater lugger! Let's win a sea tugger! Let's win a luxuryfuckin'yacht! Let's go!.  Yeah! Wait! You're gonna need an icebreaker. Tanis, how are you now? What? What. What? .the actual fuck was that? What? Well, you're standing, breathing, and smoking, so the other thing, The spitting? Some barefaced, uncultivated version of it, yes. What, you never seen someone spit before? Yes, an inexcusably obese man in the batter's box at a Blue Jays game. But you never seen a girl spit before. Yes, a sixyearold, after consuming an insect in her icecream cone. But you don't think girls should spit. I don't say what girls should do. But you don't like it when girls spit. Preferably not within my line of sight, earshot, and in a perfect world, ever. You hungry? Am I hungry? Yeah, that's what I said. I'm immediately concerned that sensation may never reestablish itself, but what a ride it's been. Oh, don't be so dramatic. What is this, the 1950s? You want me to go borrow an anklelength skirt from my auntie? Come on. I cooked for you. Let's go. Come on. He was supposed to be here over an hour ago. Try him again. Stewart, I just tried him. And? Straight to voicemail. Aggravating. Stewart! Agitating. Stewart! Alarming. Stewart. Roald. I think. I may have a problem. No. No! I'm in over my head! We all want it. I have no control! We all need it! Then where is it? Right here. Get it out! Give it to me. I've got it! It's all right here. But you guys got meth, right? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. The drugs are all over there. Just bring me that computer and get us to the Dark Web. First the meth, then the Dark Web. Roald. You want some, too? I'm good. Bring me the Dark Web over to my standup desk. Why do you have a standup desk? Because sitting is quietly murdering you. Actually, yes, Roald, I. I will have some meth. And here we are. The Dark Web. Why do you guys crave the Dark Web so much? Because the Dark Web is exclusive. The Dark Web is only accessible using special software, users remain untraceable and anonymous on the Dark Web. You can hire a hitman on the Dark Web. Purchase illegal contraband on the Dark Web. Sell illegal contraband on the Dark Web. Or you could join a rebel army. Or you could build a bomb for your own rebel army on the Dark Web. The thrill of having all of that at your fingertips is so.metal! What's on the menu today, chef? I left a tab open for you guys. Something I thought you'd dig. It's funny, the way you last liked that, like the Dark Web site was food. 'Cause. How to cook human meat!. Oh, fuck! These Hard Right mutts again. I don't like these mutts. We could ignore the call. Oh, Stewart! Let's ignore the call. But how are we gonna find cool new things to do on the Dark Web, unless we make cool new pals on the Dark Web. Fine, anything to keep the Dark Web sustainable. But we should sit for this. What are you doing? What? Well, you're sitting, breathing, and taking your boots off, so, the other thing. To borrow a phrase from my stance on social media, I don't follow. Crossing your legs. Yeah, for a hot second, to take my boots off. Boots or no boots, don't you think it's a little fruity loops for a man to be sitting like that? On the contrary, I'm sitting like this because the less bending over a man does, the better. Hmm. Sounds homophobic to me. Sounds chiropractic to me. Hmm. Just checking. I swing both ways, you know? So, if you ever wanted to invite a girl over. or a guy. Are we gonna have a problem here, Tanis? Let's just stop talking, food's ready. Come, eat. What's on the Dark Web menu today, gentlemen?. Funny you put it like that 'cause. We were about to enjoy some Dark Web literature about how to cook human meat until. our friend called. Hmm. 13% of human beings are cannibals, huh? 13% sounds right. Wrong! That's what they want you to think. The truth, 100% of human beings are cannibals. The. The ones on Earth, anyway. How do you know that? How do I know that? Ha! Well, let's rewind the clock. 1840, Ireland, the potato famine forces thousands of those godless, heathen bogtrotters to migrate to North America. No potatoes, you say! Well, then what did those paddymick prods eat on the fuckin' boat over here? Fastforward, 1955, Des Plaines, Illinois, McDonald's restaurants opened their first location. Not a single cow was photographed that day, and yet they're serving burgers? Gotcha. Now McDonald's openly. Openly boasts over 999 billion served. Fastforward, 2016, Donald Trump is elected to office, inherits the highest percentage per capita of cannibals in the world. The leftwing, fake news, pinko media wants you to think that he spent 16 of his first 100 days in office golfing. Wrong. Wrong! Donald J. Trump spent 16 of his first 100 days, as President of the United States, CommanderinChief, leader of the goddamned free world, getting that per capita percentage of cannibals down from 100 to. Everett? Uh. 13%? That's right. Do the math. No, no, actually do. Actually do the math. Do the meth? We did the meth. Listen, uh, friend. We've been listening to you ramble for an hour. We only joined the Dark Web to see cool new things, and join cool new movements. And make cool new pals. Cool new pals, you say? Yes. No. Stewart. I know how you can make all the coolest new pals ever. Spare us the hyperbole. How? Join the Hard Right! I said that like that was leading into another monologue, but it's really just. Just joi. Join the Hard Right. But. Do you like our flag? Oh, you probably. couldn't. Do you like it? I. I designed it. Mmm. Eat up. You're gonna need fuel for later. What. What? .the actual fuck was that now? What now? Well, you're sitting, eating, and breathing, so, the other thing. Burping? Yes. Some primitive, distressing version of it That was nothing. Terrific. You can burp, too. Outstanding. You can fucking fart, if you want. You know why? Because it's normal. But is it fashionable? It's becoming. It's unbecoming. Well, your boyfriend Daryl burps and spits. Dary also chases ducks, draws on the walls, and must be told not to taste or touch everything he sees. That's true. So, is it because I'm a lady? Who's a lady? So, what, you're saying that girls shouldn't burp, too? I don't say what girls should do. Well, men shouldn't shackle women. We made Prohibition happen, watch your step. Already walkin' on eggshells. Done your food? That ship's clear across the pond. Same. Let's go make a fire 'cause it's a beautiful fucking day. Is that what it is? What? Hmm?. Okay, pheasants. We got bacttobacktoback Coast Guard Zodiacs at our fingertips. But full disclosure, this team's got a bit of an attitude problem, all right? Little battle of leadership going on in here. All right? Sure, they got their center console skiffs, but they went through a lot of coaches in the process. Mundane details, boys. We want a twin engine jet boat. We want that cruise ship. That's the attitude, pylons. Now get in there. All right. What the. What are you two doing? Sorry, boys. Ladies. We didn't know you were ladies, boys. Um. Not ladyboys. We didn't know you were ladies. Do you think the door is open to everyone here? Just because MaryAnne looks like she's homeless, doesn't mean you can treat it like a shelter. Fuck you, BettyAnne. But she's right. Door isn't open to everybody here. Just because our mitt looks like the back of Christ's head, doesn't mean you can treat it like a church. Fuck you, MaryAnne. Your mitt looks like Babe Ruth's ball glove from the dirty '30s if 20 more dudes spat chewing tobacco in it. Your mitt's actually a work of art, BettyAnne. Like Salvador Dali's melting clocks, but instead of melting clocks, it's melting salad bowls of offpink icecream. Hmm. I love icecream, MaryAnne. I love all frozen treats. Your mitt looks like I squeezed a cherryred popsicle with a handful of dryer lint. Meet your new team, pheasants. You serious with that turtleneck? You could lose a lot of heat in the neck, as I like to say. You mean, cold? I wouldn't say I'm hot, but. Ugh. Most men I know wouldn't complain about something like that. You see the elephant? You mean next to the bus crash? That's the one. Yeah, I see it. You wanna talk about it? Let's talk about it. A woman can be what she wants. That is so nice of you to allow that. Not what I meant. I'm kidding. A woman should be what she wants. Better. There's no definition of a woman. It's the same as a man, there's no definition. No need to womansplain, I'm aware. But a woman should be with a man she finds.desirable. And vice versa. Like, longterm, like in a relationship. Can't confirm. I don't think you're it, cowboy. Oh, you think?. I know. Good enough. Good stuff. A shortterm. on the other hand. How short? A night. A night? An hour? Maybe more than an hour. A night. A night. Maybe even a morning. Maybe even a morning. 'Cause we didn't do all the things I wanted to do. Well, we talked, we ate. It was good, right? Thank you for supper. My pleasure. We talked, we ate, we sat by the fire. So, then the other thing. Good enough. Good stuff. Just kiddin'!.  Fifteentwo, the rest won't do. Fifteenfour, the rest don't score. Runs of threes, that's its for me's. Youse been playin' all fuckin' night? How'd it go, big brother? Do you all know what, aside from the end there, so fuckin' poorly. Called it. How poorly? So poor. He said, so fuckin' poor. Talkin' about ultra poor. Called it. What did I miss?. Taco night. But not just any taco night. LA taco night. Oh, there's no taco night like an LA taco night. Oh, yeah. You've never had taco night unless you've had an LA taco night. Oh, yeah. Well, if it's taco night in LA, then you must have had a hike. Did youse have a hike?. Oh, yeah. You can't have taco night in LA without havin' a hike. Oh, yeah. We had an LA hike, but it was so cold, it gets so cold in LA. Oh, yeah. It's a deserts, don't you know?. Oh, yeah. It gets just as cold in LA. It's just a different kind of cold in LA. Pull your finger out of your ass. That's what I say, I said pull your finger out of your ass, you're from LA. Oh, yeah. You've got to take La Cienega to La Tijera if you're going to LAX in LA. Oh, yeah. I will have another coldpressed juice 'cause we're in LA. Oh, yeah. I'm just poppin' down to Trader Joe's to load up on kombuchas in LA. Oh, yeah. You can stick your Hybrid Toyotas straight up your ass, it's all about Teslas now in LA. Oh, yeah. It's like you could never usually get a pizza that was that good in LA until now. Oh, yeah. We're gonna have a winter brunch outside on Melrose. 'Cause you can do that in LA. Oh, yeah. I'm taking improv classes at the UCBs, but only until the groundlings figure it out in LA. Oh, yeah. You better get joined in a burlesque troupe if you're going to LA. LA. LA. LA. LA? LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. LA. Pull your finger out of your ass. That's what I say, I said pull your finger out of your ass. You're out pickin' stones with your pals the other day. Sundays are for pickin' stones. Tale as old as time. Would you rather pick stones or pick worms? Well, pickin' worms is done at night and it can gets rather brisk. So I'd say pickin' stones 'cause it's in the sunshines. There's been an incident and I'd like to talk about it. Get after it. Well, PitterPatter, let's get at 'er. Spit it out, big shoots. I seen Stewart's horn. What? You seen his impaler? His bobby dangler? Well. You seen his PhD? His WMD? Now, look, fellas. You seen his friendly weapon? His sticky grenade? His ground squirrel? Yeah, I seen his ground squirrel. You seen Stewart's middle stump? You've seen his custard slinger? Well, I'm comin' up the stairs and he's comin' out of the bathroom just naked as a jay bird for some fuckin' reason. I round the corner and, yeah, so I seen his, uh. His hollow point. His hard drive. Well, his floppy disk is what I seen, yeah. Well, what's the evaluation? Yeah. I'd hear an assessment. You wanna know what? Looked like a tall boy can of Red Bull hangin' there. No. Looked like a tube of tennis balls hangin' there. A fourpack. Shut up. Looked like a fuckin' policeman's flashlight from the 1980s hangin' there. You're joking. That is no joke. Good job, Stewart. That's what I said. I said, good for him. Good for you, Stewart. Like I'm happy for him. Yeah, it's really good for him. Well, it's a terrific opportunity. Good for you, Stewart. Pump the brakes. Stewart isn't a really big dude. Are you sure the size of his horn wasn't accentuated by his really tiny frame? Looked like a oneliter thermos hangin' there. Because. Because, you know, a really big dude can have a massive horn, but it would look really small in proportion to his gigantic frame, right? Have you been reading my diary? I'll tell you what, it looked like a deflated football hangin' there. Fuck! You wanna know what? There's such a thing as too much horn talk and a fella ought to be fuckin' aware of it. Like, none of these donkeys even dip, bro. None of these chumps even chew, bro. Like none of these dunces ever had a dinger? These losers never had a lipper, bro. Like chill out, have a chaw. Peace out, have a pull. Have a hogger. Have a danger. Have a hammer. Say hello to Sergeant Spitter, boys. Spitter! Spitter! Big roadie this weekend, schmelts. Let's see some heart. Where we goin', boys? You don't know? Check the schedule. This is senior A whale shit hockey! Do you think I check the scheddy? I don't give a shit about the scheddy. Take a lap, lifer. Hang 'em up, hero. Shut it down, Tom Scheddy. Hit the showers, Scheddy Vedder. You're softer than Scheddy Ruxpin. Schmelts got jokes, Yorkie. They won't be laughing for long, Barts. You're about to meet the natives, boys. The senior A natives. You thought the juniors were tough? The senior natives will fuckin' kill you. You got the native flu, you little bitch? Yorkie. That's the native flu if I've ever seen it, Barts. Scholtzy. You scared of the natives, pussy? Fisky. Fever. Body aches. Nausea. All symptoms fraidycats fake to get out of playing the natives. Boomtown. I hate fraidycats like I love my wife. Intensely. I love her so much. We do not have the native flu. No? So what's got you looking like a fraidycat, you little bitch? Yorkie. Cacophobia? The fear of ugliness? Don't think so. I'm gorgeous. Scholtzy. Coprophobia? The fear of poop? Nah. You both pooped your pants when we mentioned the natives, pussy. Fisky. Alektorophobia? The fear of chickens? Uhuh. 'Cause you'd be afraid of each other. Boomtown. Pentheraphobia? Fear of your motherinlaw? Fuck that. I love my motherinlaw like I love my wife. I'm a good man. It's not the native flu. You're a cry baby. You're barely off the tit, you little bitch. Yorkie. Put the bottle away, Mom. He still wants the tit. Scholtzy. You're scared of the natives, pussy? Fisky. Gutless. Spineless. No heart. Boomtown. I'm a good man. Check the schedule, schmelts. Know the schedule, schmelts. Watch some Scheddy Murphy. Pussy. Fisky. Listen to some Scheddy Van Halen. Boomtown. Or Sched Sheeran. My wife loves Sched Sheeran. Schmelts have the native flu, boys. Those aren't real things. I'm not checking the scheddy. Fuck the scheddy! Fuck it! Fuck it. Yeah! How do you like that, schmelt? Let me go! No! No! Let's do it. We, uh. We need to talk, boys. Uh, but not to her, boys. Piss off. You were getting squeezers from each other's billet sisters the entire time. Dude, did you tell her about those handys? Who told her about the glovers, bro? You just did. Shit. Fuck. Fuck it. We got a roadie to the rez this weekend, boys. Big roadie to play the natives this weekend, boys. You got the native flu? We do not have the native flu. We do not have the native flu. Don't be scared to admits it. Those natives are tough as hell. Yeah, those natives are tougher than hell. Look, we can handle the natives in the rink, boys. We know we got business in their barn, boys. But Tanis and her troops are gonna be waiting for us in the parking lot, so we. We need back up, boys. Hard no. Aw, come on. Where's your jam, bud? Not my pig. Not my farm. Where's the sacrifice? Oh, get off the cross, we need the wood. We tuned 'em up on our turf just a fortnights ago. Yeah, we step back on theirs now, that's a suicide mission. Mmm. I heard Tanis wants the ban on Letterkenny lifted, too. Then she shouldn't have burned down the fuckin' produce stand. Come on. Where's your goddamn hustle, bud? Let's see the hustle, boys. When a man asks you for help, you help him. PitterPatter. Well, I guess I haven't been in a scrap in a while. We could go get bags of darts, too. And their venison pepperettes are not to be missed. I pert near popped a street meat vendor outside of a Jays' game one time for sellin' me a venison dog. Ain't no goatdagoddamn way that's venison dogs. No. Well. I'd go for a scrap. We'll need reinforcements. Joint Boy? Yeah, you could call JB. What about. No. Oh, you mean the Ginger? Hard no. But? Now, everybody listen up 'cause I'm only gonna say this once, we never talk about it again. You understand? We all lay off the Ginger and Boots now. Because the Ginger and Boots did not fuck an ostrich. Yeah, I heard they fucked two ostriches. Allegedly. Folks'll say that it takes two people to fuck an ostrich. Three even. Folks are also saying that it was a sick ostrich. Allegedly. Now, I went on the Internet and researched ostriches. Firstly, ostriches can run up to 70 miles an hour. So catching one, even a sick one, is a super tall order. Yeah, but there was two of them. Secondly, when a male ostrich, it's called a cock, fights over a female ostrich, they're called a hen, they're known to kill each other by head butting. Probably should wear hockey helmets. Hockey helmets, buddy. Well, they'd need a race car helmet, likely. Finally, ostriches use their legs to defend from predators. And can use them to kill even their largest and most deadly enemies, which are fuckin' lions. That's the king of the jungle. Still just a cat. So you'll see there is no way the Ginger and Boots could have fucked an ostrich. Maybe they tranqed the ostrich. Like they roofie'd the ostrich?. You wanna know what? You should feel bad about even suggesting that the Ginger and Boots fucked an ostrich. Bad gas travels real fast in a small town. My research concludes that the only way the Ginger and Boots could have fucked an ostrich is if it was a dead ostrich. Ginger and Boots. a dead ostrich? I thought it was just sick! Oh, my! Ginny? The Ginger and Boots effed a dead ostrich. Oh, bother. Of course I know what the male ones are called! Check my browser history. Don't show her weakness, Stewart. I'm not. I'm sun burnt. Hey, you! Hey, you. This is awkward but your shirt seems to have shrunk in the wash. Not awkward. Things shrink in the wash. How do you explain your dick? Quick wit. Valuable asset. Must really serve a lady of the night like you well. He means you're a hooker. Thanks, Roald. You speak? Heard a song this morning that reminded me of you. Really? So cool. What was it? Die, Die, My Darling. Metallica. Love 'em. Actually, they have a song that reminds me of you, too. Oh? Yeah. Sad But True. Hmm. Why don't you run along and get your essentials? You know, long, smooth, cylindricalshaped objects. Actually, I'm just looking for some threeinch screws to hang a frame. Hey, you know what three inches looks like, right? She skewered you! Don't listen to him, Devon. They wanted you to go to debate school. Hey, what's up? We. We're just goin'. Kidding! I don't give a fuck. Look like you got a bad case of the native flu. Should've brought your fuckin' bodyguards. We do not have the native flu, okay! It's not the native flu! Right. And one tit's better than two. Tanis, what we want to do is go inside, rip a couple of snap bombs and then go home. Just wanna rip some snaps and bury some claps, Tanis. Hack some limbs and rack some PIMS. Lay beats and fill seats. Yeah? Yous want to get pucks deep? Get pucks deep. Yeah, get pucks in the net. Shut the fuck up. If yous think you're gonna make it into that rink, you're fuckin' stupid. Do some damage, boys! Wa'tsok. Listen, we're four lines deep of BFI's in there ready to speed bag you space men. What's a BFI? Big Fuckin' Indians. Not sure that's PC but you said it. If you chodes walk out of there with all your chicklets, then I'm a fuckin' ferret. Piss off. Cool. That's not cool. You ready for a chin check? Yup. You can avoid it if you want to. Nope. Hmm. I want the ban on Letterkenny lifted. There's some good money that can be made selling smokes there. Yous made your point. We fucked off. Point's not made yet. It's not calculus. Finite math is worse. Trigonometry fucked me. I forgot long division in grade six. Okay. Lift the ban on Letterkenny. We'll make a buck and yous can cruise the rez. Bags of darts? Yeah, go to the casino. Venison pepperettes? Yes. Go watch a fuckin' hockey game. Mmm. Nope. FBIs coming. Who's that? Fuckin' Big Indians! Now, one of yous farted right before she got here and she definitely thought it was me. Dan? I'd admits it. JB? Would've went out my window. Maybe she farted. It was me. Hey, since when did algebra become a quick wank? I once popped my grade nine math teacher over the Pythagorean theorem. Did you get expelled? Just suspended. Yep, called probability and statistics. Like probably never gonna need them statistics in your whole life. That's kind of like fractions. Like multiplying and dividing them. Like who the fuck's doin' that? My friend David does tool and dye and he uses fractions. Should have just got his fridge ticket. David has his fridge ticket. Then he should just drive truck. Well, it's never too late to drive truck. Oh! Eyelash. Make a wish. Wish you weren't so fuckin' awkward, bud. Five minutes! Yup. You ready, bro? Born ready, buddy. You stretch it out, bro? Good and limber, bro. I say we get a couple of shifts in before we answer the bell. Get a couple of shifts in before tea time. Get that first shot in and just keep goin', buddy. Don't hesitate, buddy. Take a shift, schmelts. Ooh! Pulled salad in the scrum. Got a mitt full, boys. You get any good shots in? Think I was on my feet for a bit there, bro. Hey, are you hurt or are you injured? Ah! Don't. 100% pure organic, grassfed, Triple A Alberta beef. Better believe it's 'Berta beef. What you got there? Top sirloins? Yeah, the New Yorks are grainfed. Three times the omega3's in grassfed. Bought and paid for. Well, you're gonna want 'em aged if they're top sirloins. Pump the brakes. Two things. One. We'll let those sit for 10 to 15 minutes till they're room temperature. Two. Where's the salt and pepper, bud? Don't you fuckin' start. S and P, the choice for me. I paid a Chair just shy of 20 for each of these Csuckers and I will not be told how to cook 'em. You paid 20 apiece for 'Berta beef? Only 'Berta beef. Well, no guff. But I wouldn't pay 20 apiece for Japanese wagyu. Always 'Berta beef. Hard yes. But I wouldn't pay 20 apiece for Australian wagyu. Gonna want a rib eye if it's a wagyu. Oneinch thick top sirloin. Grill at 400. Four minutes a side. Down the hatch. You are fuckin' up, bud. That's textbook. Not without the S and P. Those fine ranchers in Alberta'd be a Chair away from not sendin' it here if they knew you were sprinklin' salt all over the Csuckers. You're a Chair away from gettin' Csuckin' socked, good buddy. Montreal steak spice really should be a part of this conversation. Oneinch thick top sirloin steak. Salt and pepper heavily. Grill at 400. Four minutes total. Flip each minute to get the good grill marks. Let sit for two minutes. Down the hatch. Flip twice. Grill marks, bud. Sacrilege. I will strike you. Blasphemy. Do you wanna get striked? Finish the whole thing off with a real nice herbs and garlics butter. Don't fuck up my steak dinner, Dary! Any decent chef will tell you, you don't even want to let those things touch the grill. Make it dryer than a fart. What ya wanna do, pan sear it, both sides, finish her off in the ovens. Well, see, now that sounds like overhandling to me. You'd be overhandling them, Squirrelly Dan. Well, he'd be Squirrelly Dan'dling. Oh, yeah, me and Gordon Ramsay are both morons. You wanna know what? Meet half way. All right, no S and P, flip twice. Good. Rare to medium rare. Medium rare. Yo! Ding, ding, pink dicks. This one's mine. Throw them steaks on, Dary, this won't take long. Oh! Remember me, boys? Where's that 'Berta beef? Grill marks, bud. That's the twofight rule for the win, boys. Two fights, that's your night, buddy. Hmm. Hey, did you get any good shots in? No good ones, bro. He fishhooked me, so I chomped his finger. He gave me a pretty good seatbelt, so I pinched the shit out of the back of his arm, buddy. I fuckin' hate when that happens. He did too, buddy. Hey. We would have dusted them if they hadn't jumped us. Proper dustin', ferda. Oh, shit! Fuck, buddy. We would have dusted them if they didn't jump us. Proper dustin', ferda. Hey, shirttucker! That doesn't really narrow it down. You. Meet me half way. I'll level with you. We have a BFI on standby that will fuck you up. K. He'll lynch you. Good. He'll end you. That's redundant. You can end this if you lift the ban. You burned down our produce stand, Tanis. Listen. I don't want to call him. You can call him. Yeah, but I don't want to. Ah, give him a call. I'd rather work this out with you. Too much talk. Wait, wait, wait! We're having a really hard time on the rez, okay? And selling cigarettes in Letterkenny really helps us out. And all of the money goes back into the community. This dude doesn't exist, does he? I want you to meet someone. Dustin! We don't have a lot of money. And I'd sure like to play baseball. Please lift the ban, Wayne. You can get a glove for free at the Sally Anne. Just have Mom or Dad drive you down there. Don't, uh. Don't care much for kids, so. Bubba Wally! The cupboards are bare in the elders' lodge. And we're so tired and sore. Please lift the ban, Wayne. I've got plenty of fresh produce on the farm. Yous are welcome to it. Lego! Oh, fuck. A threelegged dog. And look, Wayne, another threelegged dog. It's cute, huh? Yous can come back once per week. Saturday mornings. Set up shop in the farmers' market parking lot. We'll spread the word. Niawen. Does this dude exist or not? Mmm. PitterPatter! Hey, Katy. Carrying lunch there? Yeah. You want a bite? Who's this? He looks just like you. You actually look great today, you know, in comparison to this bag of shit. Thank you. You're welcome. So? So? Still an unapologetically promiscuous tart? Yep. Still a heartbreakingly inadequate chronic masturbator? No! Hi, Roald. Whatever! Stewart, you and I were a bad idea. Evident. But I still think you're cool. Adios. Hey, Devon. Ugh! Want a bite? So what say that dude exists? He doesn't. Yeah, but what say that he did? What if he walks up and hoofs you right in the nuts like Joint Boy? JB's right, it's him or you. But a kick in the undercarriage? Did Tanis ever recover when I hoofed her? I think she kind of did. Just kiddin'. I don't give a fuck. You still sweet on her, though, Dary? No. Why? Bonnie McMurray, that's why. You're sweet on Bonnie McMurray? Oh, you bet I am. Ha. Same. Well, it's no fuckin' mystery, Murdoch. Better to be the dude doin' the hoofin' than the dude gettin' hoofed. Or the girl gettin' hoofed. Exhibit A. Tanis. But a kicks in the cojones? Well, it's too late once you've been hoofed in the nuts, isn't it? You stand there holdin' your ball sack wondering why you didn't hoof first. Or you stand there holdin' your box wondering why you never hoofed first. So what you're sayings is if that dudes existed. We've already established the dude doesn't fuckin' exist, have we not? You'd kick him right in the pills? I'm fuckin' irritated. Would you kick him right in the pillbox? I'm gonna go see what's on television. We're just speakin' hypoethically here, bud. Ain't no reason to get upset, Wayne!. Save me an Indian taco. How're you now? Does the dude exist or not? No. Yous worked through our finest. No one else measures up. Yet. Stay for a barbecue? No, thank you. Stay. What are yous cookin'? Wagyu. Wagyu? Wagyu New York. I was told you should go for the ribeye if it's a wagyu. Duh. How you cookin 'em? Oneinch thick wagyu, New Yorks. Heavily salt and peppered. Grill at 400. Four minutes total. Flip once a minute for those good grill marks. Let sit for two minutes and then down the hatch. Flip once a minute, eh? Grill marks, bud. Grill marks, bud. You were huckin' the ball around with your pals the other day. Say, uh. What's the deal with your sweetie there, Squirrely Dan? Well, I took her out last night. Where to? Outs to the chip truck. Fries and gravy? I had mine with gravy. She had hers with salts and malts vinegar. Do you know that salt and malt vinegar's a nontraditional way to dress your French fries in the United States? What the fuck is wrong with them? Like malt vinegar is not a staple condiment on tabletops in restaurants in the United States. Fuck, figure it out. That's what I say. I say, figure it out. Got no vinegars on the tables, no Krafts peanut butters. Figure it out. Fuckin' figure it out. Better not forget those fuckin' alldressed chips. No ketchup chips neither. Figure it out. Somebody really ought to write a letter. They do got six different types of Cap'n Crunch, though. How do you know that? Saw a comedian talks about it on the Juste Pour Rires. Can't remember his name, though. Good guy, though? A little longwinded for my taste. But, yeah, a pretty good guy. Well, glad to hear he's a good guy at least. They have running water down there? Anyhoo, the evening went so well that, uh, we got up to a little bits of a foolin' around. Did you French her?. Kind of out of line there, Dary. Did you go up her shirt? Now you're really out of line, Dary. We did French, that much I will reveal. Well, you already revealed that much, might as well just tell us if you went up her shirt. It's impolite to kiss and tell, Dary. I don't like to kiss and tell, but. The Frenchin's tooks a hard left turn, from which I have yets to recover. Do you wanna know what? I'm not asking you to kiss and tell, 'cause that's impolite. But. I'm kind of curious. Yeah, Dan, kiss and tell. I'm sure you boys have had a couple of curve balls thrown your way betwixt the sheets. Well, not to be impolite, but, you know, sometimes a gal will be kissin' around on, like, the area near your genitals, but not quite on your genitals. Makes me ticklish and insecure. You know, not to be impolite, but sometimes a gal will do some kissin' on the ears, which makes me uncomfortable, because even though I clean my ears, sometimes a tater will just roll out of there unexpected. I kind of likes both those things. Yeah, it's why you're called Squirrely Dan. Yeah, reason fuckin' five million. Well, nots to be impolite, but. This gal suggested that maybe I should have some attentions paid to my butts hole. That ever. Ever happen to you guys? Did you ever have a gal suggest that you need some attentions paid to your butts holes? I'll take that as a hard no, I guess? She put a couple of fingers up there and. It turns out you got a. An erogenous zone up there. Found. Found the hot button and. Gaves it a tickle and, uh. Yeah. Feels, uh. It feels pretty good, you guys, okay? Pop fly. I really liked it. It felt. Felt very natural. Nice. That's how you get the body in front of it. Get the body in front of it. They call it milking the prostate. Well, it's impolite to kiss and tell. Where's Stewart been, Katy? He's not talking to me. Why? I don't know. Here are your birthday pancakes, big brother. Don't fuck with tradition. Thank you. You're welcome. Happy birthday, Wayne. Jinx. You owe me a Coke. Well, see now, that you can get in the States. What you can't get, though, is Crush Cream Soda. We got you a present, Wayne. Two Cokes. We don't make a thing of birthdays in this family. Can we skip my supersoft birthday party then this year? Hard no! It's not a birthday thing, it's an efficiency thing. Uh, if you can be one thing, you should be efficient. We got you an appointment with a matchmaker. Get the. Take a. Well, start walkin'. Well, you won't do online dating. There's no more MoDeans, so you can't meet girls there. You're handcuffed, cowboy. Figure it out. Yeah, figures it out. Don't you tell me to figure it out. Yous are the ones should figure it out. All you have to do is sit down with a matchmaker, answer a few questions, and then she sets you up on three dates with girls that she thinks you'll jive with. Has anyone heard from Jivin' Pete lately? Oh, yeah, yeah. No, Jivin' Pete's one nut got all swole up. I don't give a shit about Jivin' Pete's one nut. No, no, this is a story about Jivin' Pete's other nut. Yeah, Jivin' Pete's had himself a botched vasectomy a little while back, so now his one nut's there all swole up bigger than the first nut that was all swole up. If you can believes that nonsense. Was Jivin' showin' it to people again? Oh, he's showin' it to people. I seen it. You seen it, Dary? Oh, I seen it. Yeah, I never seen it. It looks like a rambutan. Which is to say, this hairy fruit. So, not smooth like a persimmon?. No, although it is about the size of a persimmons. Which, of course, is much like a tomatoes. What sort of potent peace pipe was some prick pulling off when he titled tomatoes fruits? Well. Now both Jivin' Pete's nuts have a story, which I hope guarantees that I'll never have to listen to another story about Jivin' Pete's nuts. He's a good guy. He's a real good guy. No, he's a great guy. Wayne. You're looking for love. And you said it yourself, If you can be one thing, be efficient. Do's it once, do's it rights. Figures it out. Pitter patter, let's get at 'er, figure it out. You shouldn't gang up on people on their birthdays. We don't make a thing of birthdays in this family. She's comin' this afternoon. Don't be in your barnin' clothes. I fuckin' hate praccy, bro. It's SeniorA whale shit, bro. Why even praccy? Like, I'm just gonna praccy like a donkey. I could donk all day. Just blast clappers at the hash marks at the fuckin' plug tendy of ours. Clappys from the hashys, buddy. Just steppin' into one from the ladies' tees. Just bulldoze that speed bump. Just firin' ringers at his ears. Just firin' warmup ringers. Just tossin' chesthigh sauce at the boys. Just tossin' anklehigh rocket sauce. Just tossin' mad sui's up the middle. Just tossin' mad sui's through the trolley tracks. Just tossin' mad breakout sui's directly into the skates. Just tossin' mad breakout sui's. You know, it might be a fun praccy after all. I could donk all day, boys. I don't think I've ever sat on a hay bale before. That's a straw bale, and that's barley. Wonderful. Great. Um. So, a little bit about me. Uh, my service is called Goldilocks and the Three Dates. Katy. I forgot to tell her not to tell you that. So, I've modeled my business after the charming story that it's inspired by. I send my clients on three dates, and like the beds that Goldilocks laid down in after eating the three bears' porridge, maybe one is too hard, and maybe one is too soft. But in the end we hope that maybe one is just right. Katy. Get after it. You're losin' him. Okay. Wayne, why don't you just tell me a little bit about yourself. It's impolite to talk about yourself. Keeps his truck clean. Loves his dogs. Enjoys a beer and a smoke. Beer. Beer and smoke. That's. Wow, you know. I get it. Rustic. Trucks, got it. We will make this work. I love it, okay. And then, um, Wayne, can you just tell me a little bit about your past relationship? You shouldn't air your dirty laundry. Five years. Ended a while ago. No baggage. No baggage, love that. No baggage, no babies. Likey. This is fun. I'm having a fun time in this place. And, Wayne, can you tell me how much you make in a fiscal year?. Katy! It's impolite to talk about your money. He's no slouch. Okay. Touche. Well, I'm about to begin your story. Where maybe one is too hard. Maybe one is, um. But in the end. Yeah, you lost him. He seems. He seems nice. Do you live. Do you live in here? So, what did you think of Goldilocks and the Three Dates there, Wayne? Ready to fall in Goldilove? Or Goldilust? You won't be Goldilaughin' when I break your Goldilegs. Dim the Goldilights? Nights of your Goldilife? Use your Goldilanguage. Make her Goldilaugh. Make it Goldilast. Better Goldilay off, before they find your Goldilimbs in a Goldilandfill, Goldiliterally. Take her on a Goldilunch? Maybe a Goldilate suppers? Maybe she's a Goldilawyer. Ooh. You think I'm Goldilyin'? Enough Goldilip. A Goldilongshoresman will find your bodies in the Goldilake! Gentlemen, a question. A query. An inquis. Pitter patter. Has Katy mentioned anything about me not talking to her? Can confirm. Major league. It's working. What's working? By not talking to her, she will form the conclusion that I'm upset with her and eventually ask me why. Why you so butthurt, Stewart? Well, she acts like. Just kidding. I don't give a fuck.  Wait. So, you're upsets with her, and you wanna communicate that by not communicatings? Acutely. You are spare parts, aren't you, bud? Let me know if Katy asks about me. Heads up! Ow! I'm Kim. I'm a psychologist and a feminist. I'll be paying the bill. I'm Wayne. Wayne! Glen. How are you now? Ah, good and you? Oh, not so bad. Well, I guess the kitten's out of the clutch on this one. I also have to work as a waitress to make ends meet.  Sure you do. I'm Kim. Are you ever. Look at you. I'm lovin' this. You're like a shark. I'm scared. Like a Julie Moore, or like a Jessie Chastain. What can I get you to drink? Uh, we'll need a minute. Uh, please and thank you. Hmm. All right. Well, you'll take care of little Miss Nicki Kidman here till I get back, Mr. McConaughey? Sure, I will. All right. He crosses his arms. Are you aware of the psychology behind that? Now, when you say he, you're talking about me, right? He has wit. Do you know why you cross your arms? Feels like you're talking to two people right now. Crossing your arms, whether it be consciously or subconsciously, is a sign of defense. You're protecting your vital organs. Do you feel threatened by me? Well, I don't, but the other guy might. He is hilarious. Enough psychology for now. What do you know about feminism, Wayne? I know it's unsafe territory to discuss with a feminist. Why? Someone will start shoutin'. Why? I don't know. Feminism is the belief that women and men should have equal rights and opportunities. So, are you a feminist, Wayne? Well, I trust my sister with just about any job under the sun over a man. But 'cept this one, I guess. Excuse me? Not to be impolite but you're not exposed to talk about sex, politics or religion at the supper table. What do you want, Wayne? I'd have a Gus'n Bru, likely. Not what I'm asking. What's a Gus'n Bru? Ooh! I'll google it and find out. I'm kiddin'. I know exactly what it is. But we don't have any. So, what can I get you to drink? I'll have a Caesar and he'll have a. Pint of lager, please. Something local. Thank you.  All right. So, a local lager for Mr. Brando and a Caesar for Sandy Bullock. I love those orders. Be right back. I didn't think they'd have it at Four Dancers. Yes, I didn't think they'd have it at this restobar. Gastropub. Says restobar on the sign. It's more of a microbistro. Says brasserie on the menu right there, too. It's more of a bistrobrasserie. When I came in they asked me if I wanted to sit at the restobar or the gastrolounge. I'm glad you chose the restobar. This is actually the gastrolounge. Do you know what an emergency call is, Wayne? Negative. It's when you have a friend call 10, 15 minutes into a date to be sure the date isn't a total bust. And if it is, then you can play the phone call as though it's an emergency and leave the date. Well, that's fair. I guess we are first cousin to an emergency here. A good one. And you shouldn't be afraid of it. I think we could do good things here. I'm going to call my friend and cancel her pending emergency call, and when I get back, let's talk about your feelings, Wayne. Okay. Let's really talk about them. Okay. I wanna take 'em, and I wanna talk about them. Oh, it's Wayne. How are you now? Oh, not so bad. Yeah, this one's too hard. We don't have time to discuss that business. Devon. Stewart. I come in peace. How do we know you don't have another one of those in your sock? You don't. Speak. Do not approach. Seen Katy around? No. That is all.  Stewart! Trouble in paradise? If there was, she wouldn't know it. I'm not talking to her. Well played. Wait it out. That way she'll come to the conclusion that you're upset with her and ask you why. Precisely. She should anyway. If she's smart. I know. Why are you mad at her? She acts like. You should try an open relationship. Could be productive. You could also try a hall pass. It's when you give, you know, her being allowed to sleep with one person and that's it, no questions asked. Another plausibly fruitful option. New GTA and COD out today. We're going to sesh. Been gaming much? Always gaming. You? Just gamed. Stimulating morning game. Evening game will eclipse. I gamed a 00to00 shift last night. You're gaming taxi driver's hours? I gamed a 00to00 shift today. Gaming banker's hours. I'll probably game a 00to00 shift now. Cinq a sept. Nous aussi. You guys wanna hit up a happy hour? We're gonna hit another happy hour. Heads up!  Ow!  I'm Lisa. Wayne. Wayne! Glen, how are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Well, I guess the teddy's out of the tickle trunk on this one, too. I also work here. Reason is the Salty Treat blew out an amp the other day, rockin' out pretty hard to some Lifehouse covers, which will happen. So, I'm pickin' up the slack. I'm happy to do it. Way she goes. I'm Lisa. Are you ever. Look at you! It's America's little sweetheart over here. You're like a little Katy Heigl or like a little Katy Hudson. What can I get ya? Do you have cookies and cream? Do I. Do I have cookies and cream? I sure do have cookies and cream. And I'm thinkin' maybe a vanillafudge swirl chunk for Mr. Newman over here? That'll do, thank you. Okay. And you're gonna keep an eye on little Caty Blanchett here for me till I get back? Sure will. Thank you! Be right back! So, you're a farmer, Wayne? Can confirm. You don't smell like one. I'm kidding. I'm a preschool principal. Do you like kids? Hmm. I know, everyone likes kids. They're so silly. I love them when they're silly. But if they get too silly, they have to come see me. Silly? Mischief. Trouble. We use gentler terms. As a policy. Well, so what happens when they come see you? Well, we do things a little differently in our program. The approach is progressive and positive. We issue a hug consent form to parents, which allows us to hug their kids. Because 99% of the time, all kids need is a hug. A hug? A squeeze. Well, you squeeze 'em. An embrace. Oh. Oh? Well. What is it? Nothin'. Wayne. Yeah? Speak freely. No, I'd better not. That's the only way we'll get to know each other. But do you ever smack 'em? Excuse me? Like, give 'em a good whack? I don't follow. Do you ever hit the kid? Like, for being too silly. No! Wayne. We never hit our kids. You shouldn't hit kids. Well, you know what, don't you remember how scared you were of your principal when you were growing up? It's 'cause he'd smack you if you were being too silly. Like your parents wanted you to have a principal who would smack you. They took comfort in the fact that they were sending you to a place every day where someone would smack you for them if you were being too silly. And sometimes I see kids these days, I kind of think, like. Like, wish you could still do that. That sort of discipline is long outdated, Wayne, and frowned upon. We sit the child down. That's another problem. What is? In my opinion. Sitting? Well, no wonder kids are failin' school, just sittin' around all day. Stand up, you're not doing nothin'. You think sitting is a problem? Yeah. Why? 'Cause it makes you soft. Literally or figuratively? Well, both, I suppose. Both? Yeah. In my opinion. My phone's buzzing. Well, so you like cookies and cream ice cream, hey? Well, I think it's pretty good, too. Hi, Michelle. Oh, no. Okay, I'll be right there. I'm sorry, Wayne, I've gotta go. It's. An emergency. Yeah. Okay. It's Wayne. Well, how are you now? Oh, not so bad. Yeah, this one's too soft. What? I'm not talking to you. Super.  It's been three days. Why haven't you asked me what's wrong? Something wrong? Of course it is. You act like I don't. Should I have known that? It's called the silent treatment. Step one, I stop talking to you. Step two, you form the conclusion that something is wrong. Step three, you ask me what's wrong. What's up with step one? You've skipped step one and two. What's step three again? You ask me what's wrong! Got it. Good. You bet. Go ahead. Where? Step three. What's step three again? We'll skip step three. I'm just going to tell you what's wrong. That should have been step one. Wrong. Step one and two are fundamental steps. You missed steps, Stewart. How? Step one, become angry with someone. Step two, tell that someone that you're angry. Step three, resolve anger with that someone. Step four.  Step four. Step four, resume peaceful existence. Your logic is frighteningly bewitching. Phantasmagoric. It's time for you to go. What? Where? Leave here? It was a rebound. Even though there was no physical act of rebounding, which is a first for me. Gross. Seriously, Katy. W5. No one has time for the silent treatment, Stewart. Not even in Letterkenny. Adios.  Heads up!  Nice try, shirttuckers! Ow! Hi, Wayne. Angie. Wayne! Oh, my gourd, what a coincidence. Oh, I bet you're thinkin' I work here. I don't work here. I just love Guy's fries. They're so crispy, and you add a little salt. I just think they're so delicious. Ooh! Who is this? You're a masterpiece, aren't ya? You're like a Shelly Pfeiffer, you're like a Charlie Theron, or like a Penny Cruz. Ooh! You're like a little Angie Jolie. That's who you are, you're Angie. How are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Can we talk? Okay. Talk. In your truck. Okay. Now that was just right. So how did you make out, super chief? Did you find the missing Goldilink? You fallin' in Goldilove? It's better to Goldilet this go, before I Goldilose my shit. Oh, take your drink, you Goldilush. Tread Goldilightly. So, that's no toecurlin' then? It's impolite to kiss and tell. Nothin' wrong with a little stank on the hang down. Nothin' wrong with a little takesin' out in the trades. A little hizzin' in the skizzins. No, I know there's nothin' wrong with a little goin' to the bone yard, I know that. Nothin' wrong with a little bacon makin'. Nothin' wrong with a little shot twixt winds and waters. A little building the blanket monster. I know there's nothin' wrong with a little pituitary poke. I know that. Nothin' wrong with a little makin' the beast with two backs. Makin' feet for children's stockin's. Testing the tube steak. Look, I know there's nothin' wrong with a little crawl up the skin slide. I know that. Nothin' wrong with a little, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Now just pump the brakes right there. I got a question. Have at 'er. Then I got a comment. Well, let's hear it, good buddy. Now, my question. When have you ever heard a girl go, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Well. Other than in a porno. I don't believe I have. Me neithers. That's because we don't say that. Well. Not unless it's in a porno. Now my comment. You see, the way Dary did the yes, yes, yes, yes, yes's is not the way they do the yes, yes, yes in pornos. That's the way they do it. The girl gets all excited, and she goes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, but the way you're doing the yes, yes, yes, yes's is not the way they do the yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.. It is the way they do it. They go, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. That's exactly how they do it. No, they don't. What they do is they find a superhigh pitch for those first four yes's. And then they come in all dramatic for that final yes. So, it goes a little something like, Yes, yes, yes, yes. And then they get all dramatic for that final yes. Say, Yes! Oh. I don't think that's how they do it. I'd have to hears it again. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Yeah. Yeah, porno girls do that. But only when the porno guys aren't busy finding some superlow tone and repeating over and over again, Ah, fuck. Ah, fuck. I takes a bit offense to that, Miss Katy, as I have a naturally low voice, and I do likes to say, Ah, fuck. Ah, fuck. Exceptin' I don't do it in pornos. Well, then you should do voiceovers for Englishdubbed foreign pornos, Dan, because that was a text book ah, fuck, ah, fuck. Why thank you, Miss Katy. I've never had any complaints from any of my sexual companions about my ah, fuck, ah, fuck.. Let me hear yours, Dary. Well, I. I'm confused still on the yes, yes, yes, yes, yes's. So, Wayne, it's like, uh, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes? See, it's not as if it's a fuckin' question, Dary, is it? You're saying it like it's a question. So, it's like, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. You're gettin closer, Dary, but what you want to do is put a little pepper on the end of it. You just want to put a little pepper on the end of it. Like, Yes! Yes! Ah, fuck. It's like, Yes, yes, yes. Ah, fuck. .yes, yes, yes! Ah, fuck. Like, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Yes! Just having a fight with my hat.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Feels really good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Three praccys a week, buddy? Three praccys a week in SeniorA whale shit, buddy. Half these guys wheel their fuckin' bags into the rink. The day I fuckin' wheel my bag into the rink is the day I stop playing hockey. Afuckin'men, buddy. Why do we even praccy, buddy? Should be rippin' sandos. See me toss the sauce in the skates all night long, buddy? Just tossin' rocket sauce straight into the blades, boys. I don't even know what a tapetotaper is anymore. Not sure what a tapetotaper is anymore, buddy. Fuck tapetotapers, buddy. Fuck tapers. I fired a pointblank clap bomb directly into Barts's chest tonight. Fired a pointblank point bomb straight in Yorkie's junk. I snowed our plug tendy no less than nine times. I snowshowered our plug tendy and that was his own D, man. Praccy's not badski when you're donkin'. I could donk all day, boys. Attention. An amateur MMA asshole asks you to engage in aggressive altercation. Who the fuck is the toughest guy in here? That'd be me. Bullshit. Bopped you so bad in the bean you were beyond assbackwards. No blood, albeit bloody brutal. Clunk. Clocked your carriage, clipped your canopy, caught your conscious with a carefully concocted combative cuffing. Dink. Decked you defiantly. Easy. Ended you efficiently. Fuckin'. Fucked your face up from front to Finland in a fairly unfair fashion unfortunately for females. Goof. So you got up, gathered your goods, guts and gonads, got after the goofy goon, gave glory a good go. Have at 'er. Hucked a haymaker. Instantly. Irked the idiot. Jackass. Outjuked the jerk. Outjabbed the joker. Outjammed the juice head. K. King Kong threw a karate kick that kinda caught you in the kisser. Loser. But that legend lady luck was lingering and you left you with only a lovely little lump on your lip. Mint. But maybe mention you may use MMA, Mr. Muay Thai. Nincompoop. Knees are unnecessary. Over it. Okay, onwards. Please. You outpunched the prick. Outplayed the peasant. Pushed proper pugnacity on the pinhead, left him praying for peace while Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. Quickly. He got queasy, wanted to quit, folks were quoted as quietly quipping he looked like a quirky, quackish queen on Quaaludes. Right. Roughed up the rook. Wrecked his reality. Ruined his rep. Superb. You socked the sucker. Slammed the sally. Secured the scuffle by successfully outscrapping the skirt. Tremendous. You took over the tiff. Outtangoed the tosser. Tough titties on that trade, you twit. No truce. Unreal. Utterly. Violent. Very. Wonderful. Well, whatever. Exceptional. Exactly. Yup. Yup. Zebra? Zip it. Tell us about your date last night, Wayne. Hard to the fuckin' no. Pitterpatter. Oh, I'd rather have a cupafart in the face. What's cupafart? Oh, that's when you farts into your hand and then cup it like you're transporting a tiny bird and release it into the face of an unsuspecting pal. There could be worse things. You're up! Well, for starters, I ran late chorin', so I didn't have time to get the truck washed before I went over there. So? Well, so what if Dad's standing there when I come up the laneway to pick up his daughter with a dirty truck? He'd say, Who's this tit? Fair. And I barely got the truck in park before she hops in there so I can't get the door for her. So? Well, so what if Mom's standing there and I come up the laneway to pick up her daughter and I don't get the door for her? She'd say, Who's this nut tugger? Fair. I couldn't get my footing after the rocky start so nothin' to report thereafter, fuck. Well, you lived to fight another day. Well, I am lookin' for love. Boy, howdy. Like I've been going on dates and will be going on other dates. Get after it. Like if there was a general theme, like, for the next six weeks, it would be, Wayne's looking for love. Could be worse things. Gentlemen. How're ya now? Perfect. Good 'n you? Same bat time. Same bat channel. Eh, shirttuckers? Now, I'd say give your balls a tug, but it looks like your pants are doing that for you. You look like you could lose a hand in there playin' pocket pool.  Here's a poem. Star light, star bright, why the fuck you got earrings on? Bet your lobes ain't the only thing that got a hole punched in 'em. See the muscle shirt came today. Muscles comin' tomorrow? You get a tracking number? Oh, I hope he got a tracking number. That package is gonna be smaller than the one you're currently sporting.  Tall order, Dary. You ever had a cupafart? You can cupafuck off. Hey, Katy. Hi, Dan. Gentlemen.   Seatbelt. That kid's a polished turd. Heard about you and your sweetie, buddy. Heard she cheated on you, buddy. That's a real kick in the knackers, bro. Just a real ouchie, bro.   Wait, does Stewart get points for opening Katy's door? Johnny Cash could have stepped out of that shit box and I'd still say, Why is it not clean? Well, should we jump into Dary's shit box and go to the Ags Hall? Now, I know McMurray's meetings can be a bits of a chore. Even worse when Mrs. McMurray's there. But the Ags Hall is as much ours as anyone else's, and we should be there for the important decisionsmaking. Squirrelly Dan, you'll be snoring within the first five and I'd bet as many bucks on it. Well, I had my coffee today so I will takes that bet. You don't need to shake, I trust ya. It's 'cause I cupafart, isn't it?. That was a very productive first hour and 45 minutes, I must say. On to item number 29 of 39. Yep! It's still item number 28, baby. Item 28 is a twopart item. Huh! Thank you, darlin'. MRS. You're welcome, baby. All right, on to item 28, part B. I, McMurray, motion that the front weather mat be changed, from a Remington charcoal, fourfoot by eightfoot by threemillimeter thick rubber doormat, to a raisin charcoal threefoot by sixfoot by threemillimeter thick ribbed vinyl boot tray. It came in a gainsboro grey also, which is a pale tone of grey. That's correct. It also came in puce. Puce is a warm grey, tonally. Grey tones don't clean up as well as dark tones. Hence, the raisin charcoal. Better look goddamn clean after you're done cleanin' the cocksucker, that's what I always say.   Mmmhmm. Would a member second my motion? I second, baby.  I second so hard. Thank you, baby, I knew you'd second the shit right out of it. Dan!  Daniel. Mm, he's a real deep sleeper. Oh, super deep. Like he fell asleep at the IMAX during Transformers 2. Fell asleep riding the back of a garbage truck one time. Intolerable. Daniel! Do you know dogs sleep for 80% of their lives? You wanna know what? He might be faking it. He's faking it. Oh, he's faking it. I can see he's faking it. Are you faking it, Dan? Look, I can see one of his eyes are open.  Yeah, he's faking it. Daniel! Don't touch it, it hurts. You better cut out all that goddamn snoring before I stuff a cocksuckin' work sock down your skull cave. Keep going, baby. Everybody's listening. Everybody loves you. Thank you, darlin'. You better listen to her, Daniel. Now, I'm sure you no doubt have all noticed that we are down to one dozen coat hangers in the front hall. There are approximately twelve dozen in the rear hall. All standard steel wire, baby? All standard steel wire in a flattened triangular shape. I, McMurray, motion that one dozen be transported to the front hall. K. Wayne. Wayne, Wayne, Wayne. Wayne. Wayne. Wayne. Look at me, Wayne. Wayne. There is a tried, tested and true system at work here. And, as President of the Agricultural Hall, I must demand it be respected. One member makes a motion. Then another member then seconds that motion. Second, K. K is not a second. Well, it's the second time I said K. So you second my motion? You want to know what? I'm all out of seconds, bud. So it's not a second? Well, this is taking too many seconds is what I'm saying. Well, you only have to second once. All right, give me a second. So are you saying that you second or that you need a second? Well, one second. All right. Wayne, you shall be given one second. Whilst Wayne is taking one second. I second the fuckin' motion, McMurray! Now move the fuckin' coat hangers! Well, thank you, Wayne. Let the secretary note that I, McMurray, motioned to move one dozen coat hangers. I'll move the fuckin' coat hangers myself. Can't sit around here all fucking day with my horn in my hands. Got chorin' to do, for fuck's sake. Would the secretary note that aforementioned coat hangers have such been moved. Thanks to a very overzealous beaver. There's order, people, and it must be followed. Concluded! Item 30 of 39. Wayne. Jim Dickins. How're ya now? Good'n you? Not so bad. Wayne, 100% bullshit 'round here. Got a bidder now, one. Lookin' at two. Two, and now at lookin' at three. Three hundred now, can I get a four? Four there now, sold. 400% bullshit 'round here. Well, it's never so bad it couldn't be worse. Worse than 400% sounds an awful lot to me like five. 500%, now lookin' at six. 600%, lookin' at seven. 700%, can I get an eight? Sold. 800% bullshit 'round here. Well, meetings run a Chair long but it's important business so. If someone doesn't do something about this bullshit soon. We'll be at nine. 900%, now lookin' at 10. Ten over there, now lookin' at 11. Can I get a 12. All right. All right, cool it. What would you have him do, there, Jim? If Wayne runs for Ag Hall president, I'll give him. One vote right here, looking at one, we got one vote here, and lookin' to get two. Well, see, now that sounds a bit dramatic to me, Jim. No. I don't think that's such a bad idea. Did that not sound a bit dramatic to you? I'd back that. Well, it's bloody Shakespearean. It'd be usurpin' the throne. I'd back that like a spinal cord. It just sounds dramatic to me. Jim! Tell you what, Jim. I'll think on it. Have a good one. Have a good one, Jim. One little birdie bird flying in the sky. We got two little birds and we're lookin' at three. Three little birdies, now we're lookin' at four. Why do birds suddenly appear every time I auctioneer?. Just a series of bad bounces for a couple of stick and pucksters, bud. Not getting the bounces, bro. Cut from the Letterkenny Shamrocks in our overage year, bud. No victory lap for the Shammy's, bro. No victory lap, ferda. Ferda. And no Katy. KatyKat stepped out. Twotimed. Played around. Caught a matinee. Carried on. You know, I should be mad, but I'm just sort of. Sad. Give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! Not gonna miss playing with Shoresy, though, bud. Always a silver lining, buddy. You know, bud, he's right. Game faces on, it's our first day of senior hockey, bud. Well, first impression's a lasting one, bro. Are you ready for this, bud? Forecheck, backcheck, pay check, bro. Ding! What the fuck are you doing?. What does it look like?. Doing legs. Leg day! Where's Stormy been? I haven't seen her all day. In her pen. Why? She's being punished. Why? She tried to kill her stud again. That's my girl. Why? Well, fucked if I know, Dan. It's supposed to be natural for animals to want to breed. And fucked if those pups wouldn't be as beautiful as she is. She was a beautiful pup. She's a beautiful dog. She was a gorgeous pup. Well, she's a gorgeous dog. But why is she in her pen? It's 'cause aggression's to be discouraged. It's like Cesar Millan says, exercise, discipline and affection, in that order. I'd have a Bloody Caesar. Do you wanna know what? I'd have a Caesar, too. I could have a Caesar if you guys are havin' Caesars. Hard to see a Caesar and not want a Caesar. That's actually how they market Caesars. You should call up Gail over at her Bed and Biscuits. I bet ya she's got some studs for Stormy. Well, better to let the dust settle on Modean's burndown before I bug her. We need a new bar in this town. But why's Stormy trying to kill all her studs? 'Cause they're sayin' the wrong things, likely, just like humans. First line better be a winner. First impression's a lasting one. Like what? Well, to be honest, I've taken to breaking the ice with the lyrics from '90s pop songs. The words are penetrating because she's likely heard 'em before, but she likely won't realize it when they're spoken rather than sung with musical accompaniment. Five bucks says you cannot successfully sell me on this. Hey, girl, give me your heart. Make it real or else forget about it. That's Rob Thomas and Carlos Santanas. K. Hey, girl. I wanna stand with you on a mountain and I wanna bathe with you in the sea. Savage Gardens. Uhoh. Hey, girl, I swear by the moon, the stars in the sky, I'll be there. All4Ones. Well, fuck a duck. Hey, girl, I'll make love to you like you want me to, then I'll hold you tight, baby all through the night. Are you talking to me, you fuckin' greaser? You don't talk to me like that, you fuckin' pud. Argh! I'll beat the shit outta you. Ah! Don't! You're real good at beatin' up Dary and that's what I appreciates about you, Katy. Oh, is that what you appreciate about me? I'll stake 20 to 25% off her over there, Squirrely Dan. Hey, Roald, uh, I bet you have a name for your bong.  Samwise Ganja. Cool. Formerly known as Paul Tokenfold. Awesome. Formerly known as Air Bud. Hey, maybe your next one can be called Air Bud. Golden Receiver. All right, guys, we're outty. Peace.  Peace.  Bye, guys. Bye, Stewart, not Katy.  Pardon?  Huh?  I'll be in the car. Cool, baby. Devon, you may elaborate on your entanglement. And, Roald, your exasperation.  Cool, babe.  Speak! My entanglement is that when that came along, that started happening. Seriously, Stewart what are you even wearing? It's so gay. But you're gay. So what? He's a homophobe now, too.  No! Yes! I was born this way, Stewart! We don't even know where you are half the time. We're going to the Weeknd show. It's Tuesday. No, The Weeknd is here. In three days, yeah. No, I mean The Weeknd is here today. No, it isn't. Yes, he is. Who is he? The Weeknd. Wow! Slightly sexist statement to say Saturday and Sunday are the masculine ones. He's a misogynist now, too! No. Yes! I mean we are going to see The Weeknd perform. She's got you totally brainwashed, man. You don't even know what day it is. I was born this way, Stewart. Ahh! No, no, no!   Did you just stab me with an EpiPen? Pain is good.  Taste three mills.  Oh! Oh! What? If any bees come in here we are so fucked! Don't open those peanut M&Ms, Connor!. Epinephrine OD. Well, uh, Jimmy Dickskin. Dickins. Dickskin, that's what I said. You motioned for an emergency meeting and that's why we're all here. Goddamn Dickskin's cuttin' into my gin and tonic time, that's all I know. Dickins! That's what I said, Dickskin.  All right, well, Dickskin, you can have the floor. MRS. Dickskin. After, of course, we explore the several Agricultural Hall related issues that I have detected within the last 24 hours. Pick one! Well, as I've mentioned, there are several so we will begin with one of them. Well, don't bore us, get to the chorus. Wayne, you're uh, acting fairly curt. I'll be fuckin' Courtney if it gets us through this before Christmas. I motion Wayne assume the title of President of the Ag Hall effective immediately. All those in favor, gonna need one vote. Do we have one vote? Are we lookin' at one? One over here, now we're gonna need two. Two down, we got two. Lookin' at three for Wayne for president and we'll get it over there. Now gonna get four, gonna get four over here. Now we're gonna have four over here for Wayne for President. Can we get five? What've we got, five? Five over here now! We're getting into six. Six over here, feels good over here, now we're lookin' at seven. Seven over here now, can I get an eight? Eight now, can we get any more here?  You shit. No nine, that's all right, for my friend Wayne. Celebrate good times. Baby get along. Sold! This is a fuckin' outrage. You're out of order! This. It wasn't. It wasn't motioned. That's not the right way. There wasn't a motion. Well, you're about to find out how hard this job really is. You're in the hot seat now, big boy. It is fuckin' pipin' hot. Like 1500 goddamn watts. Well, you're gonna run 'er. I love you. I love you, so much. Anything pressing? Back to chorin'. Gotta break the ice here, boys. We gotta get the ball rolling, bro. First impression's gotta be a good one. First impression's a lasting one, buddy. You thinking what I'm thinking? Great minds think alike, buddy. You boys wanna go wheel some snipes after praccy? Wheel snipe celly, boys. Dirty fuckin' dangles, boys. I'm married, you little bitch. Yorkie? Happily married. Scholtzy? I love my wife, pussy. Fisky? I'd fallen in with the wrong crowd, went down a dark path. My wife saved me. Boomtown? I love my wife like I love doing legs. Okay. All right. Um. You guys wanna grab some sandos after praccy? Crush some appies? I'm glutenfree, you little bitch. Yorkie? Fuck gluten. Scholtzy? Gluten gives me gravy pants, pussy. Fisky? Glutenfree, dairyfree, gaseous intestinal byproductfree. Boomtown? I love glutenfree living like I love my wife. Okay. Uh, yeah. What. What do you guys like to do? Winning, you little bitch. Yorkie? Love winning. Scholtzy? Winning red ribbons, pussy. Fisky? Winning hardware, winning gold. Boomtown? I love winning like I love glutenfree livin'. Okay, we really need to pull out the big guns on this one here, buddy. Dig deep. Bear down, buddy, okay? Have you boys ever heard of dinkerball? How about a round of dinkerball, boys? Dinkerball? Okay, I got this. Okay. You see, you grab your dink or your ball. You scrunch it up in your hand and then someone has to guess whether it's a dink or a ball. Dink or ball? You fuckin' serious right now? We don't want to see your junk, schmelt. Put your junk away, schmelt. Uh, schmelt? What's schmelt? So the schmelts want to play games, Yorkie. Yeah, I think we got a game for the schmelts, Barts. You like games, right? Sure.  You're out. Out of what? This. What's this? This. Is not your crew anymore. This is not your life anymore. This is not the weekend. It's Tuesday.  But this is. Not your basement anymore. This is my basement now. And you are not welcome. Are those loaded? Only one way to find out. The great playwright Anton Chekhov invented the principle of Chekhov's Gun. What is the principle of Chekhov's Gun? Ha! If in the first act you say a gun is in the room, then in the second act, it must absolutely go off. In other words, if you're gonna bring heat, you better use it. I'm preheated to 375, ready to go to 425, big boy. Blast off, Major Dongfucker. You schmelts ever played Duck, Duck, Goose? Yeah, with the four to sixyearold group we had at hockey summer camp. What are we, four to sixyearolds, boys? I guess you're four to sixyearolds. You schmelts ready? Close your eyes. Duck. Duck. Duck. Duck. Duck. Goose! Schmelts are gongshows, boys. Schmelts are gongers. This is better than doing legs, you little bitch. Yorkie? Let's do legs right now. Scholtzy? I love doing legs, pussy. Fisky? Stairs. Works calves, quads, glutes. Boomtown? I love doing stairs like I love winning. Let's do this, boys! How many games in this season, buddy? 42, buddy. Do you have any baby wipes? I don't, buddy. There's been. An uprising. K. I'm homeless. K. Wayne. Hard no. If a man asks you for help, you help him. You're gonna work the ground game, then, huh, Katy? If you asked me for help. I would help you. Oh, look, they're comin' land, sea and air now. You can stay here. Wondrous! For a couple of days. Favorable. That's 48 hours, max. Satisfactory. We'll put your shit in the spare bedroom. Come on. Hold it! End of the laneway. Don't come on the property. Rematch. K. Knocked you out. Can't believe you got back up. You come here to throw fists or flap lips there, big shooter? You suckered him. Still knocked him the fuck out. Then he got back up and knocked you out. So rubber match then. We already established that. Unless you wanna do some more talking. Good amount of chinwagging goin' on over there. All right, I suckered you. So we shake hands, clear the air, then we square off. Good enough. You're fuckin' 10 ply, bud. You're having some beers in the barn with your pals the other day. So, have you figured out what you're gonna do as first act of Ag Hall President there, super shoots? You're looking at it, pea shoots. No, he's talking about a charitable act, big shooter. We'll advise you there, shoots and ladders. We'll be your team, half court shooter. K. Like when Obamas became president, he started bringing troops home. Oh, is that what he did? Or when Trudeau became Prime Minister, he started bringing refugees over. Oh, did he do that? Whatever you do, just make sure peoples know about it. Yeah, like you're gonna want to have somebody come down from the paper, take a photo of it. Tweet a tweet, snap a chat. Why? Well, if it's not in the papers or on the Internets, it's pretty much worthless. You know what I think, we should almost be snapping a chat about us talking about doing the charitables right now. Pump the brakes. Now, am I doing the charitables for the charity's gain or my own? Well, you do the charitables for the charity, but the whole point of doing the charitables is that people think you're a good guy for being charitable. Yeah, behaving charitably, you'll have people saying, like, Oh, he's a good guy. Oh, he's a real good guy. Oh, he's a great guy. No! I think you have had too much sugar cereal. The whole point of doing the charitables is to help the charity and to make you feel good, not look good. Figure it out. Yeah, but it feels good to have people call you a real good guy. You figure it out. Oh, it feels even gooder when someone says you're a great guy. You figure it out. You want to do a charitable? Drive into town first thing in the morning, dead of winter, after a fresh snow fall. Shovel a handful of folks' driveways before they wake up. No one does a tweet. Feels fuckin' sweet. Also, it's a substantial core workout, from what I've been told. Or if you're done doing hay for the day, drive on over to someone's place that isn't done doing hay for the day, cut their grass or something like that. No one snaps a chat. Go fuck your hat. Or couldn't you just help them do hay? But gets a photo. You're gonna need a photo. You wanna know what? No one likes a preachy Patrick, but you are pissing on the seat here. Well, no one likes an impracticals Pete. No one likes an unprepared Paul. Or if you're a woman, no one likes an unproductive Pams. Or an improper Pippa. No one likes a pestering Preston. Or if you're a woman, no one likes a patronizing Peggy. Trust me, good buddies, any charitables act, big or small, is an act wasted if your face ain't attached to it. Any charitable act? Any charitables act. Well, then come on, Dan. Let's drive into town. We'll let the dog drop a shit on Main Street and snap a chat of you picking it up. Good? Pitterpatter! Choice work, super chief. Oh, there's your lipstick. Hey, 19! Nice stats, no stats. Scored 40 genos in the dub, onenine. Sixty apples in the O, 19. Lead the Q in PIMS as an overager, buddy. Wheeled my buddy's billet sister. Fucking 200 PIMS, boys. PIMS 200 club, boys. All the light bulbs don't work on the scoreboard, eh, bud? A quiet night in the red light district, onenine. Suck my knob. Drink milk, onenine. What'd they get in a trade for you, tin of chew and a half a bag of pucks? Set of used practice jerseys? Tub of orange slices? Go carboload, 19. Suck my knob, you plug. Hey, Schmelts. You do not get to talk to Mr. Sakic. Mr. Sakic has earned our respect. You have not earned our respect, Schmelts. You do not get to talk to Mr. Sakic. Your first period in the league, Schmelts. You'll be sent down by the second. This is fantasy camp for you. Hey! You think you can just walk into this league and start chirping? Know your role, pheasants! You had a cup of coffee. You're seat fillers at the ESPY's. You're Tiger's caddy now that nobody gives a shit! It's fucking embarrassing! I don't miss playing for that guy, buddy. Always a silver lining, buddy. Give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! The fuck did Shoresy come from? I didn't even know he was here, bro. Hey. All this time chirping could be better spent doing legs, Schmelts. Never skip leg day, Schmelts. Hey, nice work on legs day today. Hey, you rocked legs today, Yorkie. Thanks. Barts, you're faster than the Russian Rocket, Pavs Bure. That is where leg day got you! Yorkie, statistically, Mike Gartner was faster than Bure, and that's where leg day got you. Let's win it all, Barts. Let's win this ship, Yorkie. So, from now on, you're supposed to call the police when you got worm pickers on the property, and not 911. Good? Now that's the business. Except for that, anything pressing? And she's back to choring. One moment! Or should I say motion. McMurray, how are ya now? Good n' you? Not so bad. Good. I will speak candidly here. Go ahead, baby. Everybody's listening. Everybody loves you. All right. The goings on from last week's emergency meeting left me some terrible upset. Some terrible upset. Oh, yeah, the ass pisses all goddamn week, that's all I know. This is true. I have had the ass pisses, also known as p'zazz. He's been making the weakest cocksucking gin and tonics I ever goddamn had. All of these events combined have brought me to one conclusion. I, McMurray, motion something must be done. Something has to be done. A proper election must take place, whereby both Wayne and I campaign for a week to see who will be president of the Agricultural Hall. I second that motion. I love it when you motion. I love you, too, baby. Your motion. All right. Jimmy Dickskin, do your thing. Dickins. Well, that's exactly what I said. Have at her, Dickskin. All those in favor of a oneweek election period, give me one hand up, can we get a onedollar bill, one hand, we're looking at two. Two hands up, give me two, we're looking at three, three hands up, getting to three. We got three over here, we're looking at four. Four hands up, we're looking at four. Four over here, now we're looking at five. Can I get a fivedollar bill, five over here, now we're looking at six dollar, can I get a six? Six over here, now can I get a. Hands up, baby, hands up! Give me your heart, give me. Sold! Majority rules. Election awarded to McMurray. Get on. Get on. Ride that pony. Ride it. All right.  Oh! Good girl. Good girl. All right, we knew justice would be served. Well, see you next week, big boy. That's a good pinch. You still got the p'zazz? It's not shit, it's a blister from choring. Put her there. Have it as you like. Get your stuff, baby. Let's hit the road. I wouldn't go in there if I was you. Why is she standing outside?  Don't know. Why are you standing outside, Bonnie? They crop dusted inside. We crop dusted inside. Super. I crop dusted on the way over here, too. Did you? I did. Very cool. I know. And you're single. How? I hate everyone. Especially you. Couldn't tell. Oh, no? No. Guess I have work to do then. You don't know what work is. You sure do, entertaining two hockey players at the same time. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. Hmm, that's clever. Isn't it? I see what you did there. I smell what you did there. It's clear now, Katy. You can come in. Yeah, why don't you go in, Katy? This has been a lot of fun. Has been? Still is. Oh. Fuck off, is what I meant. We're busy. You're busy? Very. Busy ripping farts in coordinated outfits at the dollar store. What of it? Shut up, Roald. Then what? Are you gonna steal some bikes and ghost ride them into the river? How did she know that? Shut up, Roald. Maybe you could even find a new spot to rip farts in, in coordinated outfits. You know, if you're not too busy. Oh, we have other spots!  Roald! Who's the genius behind these coordinated outfits, anyways? Well, actually if you are interested. Just kidding, I don't give a fuck. Nice to see you, buddy. Don't listen to her, Devon. They wanted you to go to law school. Shut up, Roald! Devon! Devon! How are ya now? Spanking! Not so bad. Are you the creator of Fartbook? I am the sole creator of Fartbook! Cocksucking love that Fartbook, that's all I know. Thank you. Good farts. Now listen, I'm running against Wayne for the presidency of the Ag Hall and was wondering if I could commission you, and him, too, to make us a sort of a campaign video. You are running against Wayne. Cocksucking right, he is. Hurting Wayne hurts Katy. Hurting Katy hurts Stewart. It can be done and it will be done! Make it stop. Make it stop. Okay. Okay. All right. So, look, whatever. Whatever is good. I just wanted to know that we're on the same page, all right? I want it to be a sort of a. Like a good old. Smear campaign. What's that? It's when you run ads suggesting negative things about your opponents. For what purpose? To make yourself look good by making your opponent look bad. Oh, if you got nothing good to say, you shouldn't say nothing at all. You must acknowledge the appetite for negativity in today's world. The misfortune of others, it's become sustenance. You must evolve from your primitive thinking. Do you remember the band Primitive Radio Gods? Had that one really good song? Bet it's on iTunes. I hear McMurray has commissioned Devon et al, to make a video for his campaign. I suggest you follow suit. What sort of video? A spectacle, pure adrenaline, Babylonian. You're spare parts, bud. Tell you what. I'm gonna go into town, mow some lawns. Give people one less chore to do this week. Seems more productive than namecalling. You wanna know what? The dog's in the barn, if you wanna go hurl some insults. You can get your sustenance. He won't know what the fuck you're talking about anyway. Have a good one. Have it your way, shirttucker! (CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES) What is Devon up to? I'm Devon, the director. Okay. Brown guy here. Asian woman here. Native man here. Gail. Please. And the whites over there. As you know, the purpose of this cinematic experience is to influence voters. And we'll do that by reaching as many ethnicities as possible with our message about Wayne, which is. He's just not ready. That's good.  Right. He's just not ready to be president of the Ag Hall. Um. There aren't any ethnicities on the Ag Hall board. But there will be. Okay, but why? Because it's 2015. It's not 2015. And just to really hit home this whole ethnicities thing, brown guy, have you ever seen The Simpsons? Yes. Excellent. Need you to talk like Apu, from the KwikEMart? Asian woman, have you ever seen The Karate Kid? Need you to talk like Mr. Miyagi. Wax on! Native man. You're pretty dialed in already. Gail. Where's my money, bitch? Exactly. And our whites are. They're superwhite, so just be yourselves! Thank you. Where is our gay vote? Tad Roald. Tad. Tad Roald! They'd already put cheese on it, but I picked it off. Tad Roald was too shy to be in our video, but said he'd organize our gay vote. So where is our gay vote?  I am so sorry that I'm late, you guys. Crazy story. My bike chain flew right off my bike but I happened to be next to the ice cream truck. So I picked myself up a little sweet treat. Ha. It's hot out today, don't you think, Devon? Whew! My. No, Glen, no. What? Modesty. Mm. Disappointing. Why does he have his underwear on? I don't know. Where's my money, bitch? You spit on me. You're welcome. Hi, Roald. As predicted, Devon's made a video. The song by Primitive Radio Gods is called Standing Outside a Broken Phone Booth with Money in My Hand. And it is on iTunes. Ah, you're not gonna like this one bit. I might like it one drill bit. And the message is you're just not ready. Ah, it doesn't sound so bad. Yes, it does! So I won't like it one bell pepper. Watch! Hmm. Looks like we got good goddamn candidates here, is all I know. Let's talk about Wayne. All right. Under the part that says experience, it doesn't say anything about ever being president of the Agricultural Hall?  Hmm. That's a hard no. He'd be inheriting a lot of problems. Letterkenny problems. He's a farmer. But has anyone ever seen him do any actual work? Ah, hell, no. I hear he's been cutting people's lawns. Like that will stop the grass from growing? Pitterpatter, let's get down to the real issues here. Being President of the Ag Hall is not an entry level job. How are ya now? Not so qualified. Can we really trust a man who can't even be bothered to wear a belt? Hell to the nahnah. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. Nice hair, though. Nice ass. Hmm. That's what I appreciates about him. He's just not ready!. Wayne for president of the Ag Hall? He's just not ready. Oh, hell no. Hmm. There's a text from your mum. Cream for your anal fissures is in. Wha. It already has 1,001 views. Slightly concerning on account of there only being 5,000 people in Letterkenny. We must respond posthaste. Two wrongs don't make a right. It's jumped 10 views since we've been conversing! 1,011. This thing's going viral. There could be worse things, Stewart. I can beat Devon's view count. I give you my personal guarantee. And when I do, you won't have to sit through McMurray's pointless, purposeless, aimless, godless, motherless, meetings anymore! There's something in it for both of us. Now that's likely the least concerning thing on your hand, isn't it? All actors are present. Wondrous! Why are they here? Money talks. He gave us 50 bucks. It's like cutting twoandahalf lawns. But we don't even wanna be here, boys. You cheated on us, boys. Oh, pipe down, Pete and Repeat. You were both getting blowies from your big city slams the entire time. Dude, who told her about the blowies? Who blew the whistle on the blowies, bro? You just did. Oh, that's gutty, bro. Shut the back door, bro. Reilly and Jonesy, Katy, are here to help us secure the youth vote. There aren't any youth voters on the Ag Hall board. There will be. Why? Because it's 2015! It's not 2015. Now, gentlemen, since you are such crafty vets of the chirpslashbeak slashcarve game, I've decided to let you improvise. We're really good. Yeah. Wayne, let's start with you. Just, um, look directly into the camera and say something slanderous about McMurray. Kind of feels like I should make sure my own backyard's clean before throwing junk in someone else's. He slandered you first. What, so you think if he goes jumps off a bridge, I'm gonna, too? Figure it out. Dan? Daryl? Please help. Reilly! Jonesy! Let's see what you can do. Okay. Warm up? Yeah, warm up. Oh, sure. Absolutely. All right. . The tip of the tongue, the teeth, the lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth, the lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth, the lips. The tip of the tongue. Boys! Katy? Girls gone wild. It's not complicated! We want to slander McMurray so Wayne can win the election and I can beat Devon's view count. Now, let's try this. Think about your favorite actor and try to channel them. Who are your favorite actors? Go! Kevin Costner. Keanu Reeves. John Candy. Chloe Sevigny. It's easy. Taylor Kitsch, boys. Big Riggins himself. You picked Big Riggins, so I'll take Michael Fassbender, bro. Yeah. But if. If Big Riggins, if he's not available, 'cause he's my number one, it's easy, Chad Michael Murray, boys. Big Riggins is still my number one but I love Chaz Michael, bro. One Tree Hill! Boom! Go with Michael Fassbender. Try channeling that. Choose Big Riggins. You know what? Actors named Michael could really reinvent themselves if they change their names to Spike, like uh, Spike Fassbenders or, uh, Spike Caine or Spike J. Fox. Spike Buble. Chaz Spike Murray? Oh, C. Spike Murray? Let's try and stay on task! Well, now it might be kind of awkward, might be kind of awkward if actors named Richards started going by Dick. Right? Like Dick Gere. Dick Pryor. Dick Dreyfuss. Lionel Dick. Feel like Richard Simmons probably prefers Dick. Dude, he got fucking mad. Well, looks like she's back to cutting lawns. All those for Wayne resuming presidency of the Ag Hall. Can I get a one vote here? We got one over here. Now can I get a two? Twodollar bill. Two over here now can I get a three. Looking at three, three over here, now can I get a four? Looking for a four. Wayne for President for four? No four. Three for Wayne. Those for McMurray reclaiming presidency of the Ag Hall, can I get a one vote here, looking for onedollar bill. We got one over here, one over here! Now can I get a two, looking for a two, two over here! Now can I get a three, looking at a three? Three over here, we're looking at three, can I get a four, looking for a four. Four over here, now can I get a five? Fivedollar bill, looking for a five. Five over here, now can I get a six? Six dollars, looking for a six, six over here! Now can I get a seven? Seven right here, you can tell by the way he uses his walk he's a woman's man. Sold! Majority rules. Presidency awarded to McMurray. Come on, baby. Come here. Yeah, yeah, yeah! Okay. You gotta act classy. Now you're the First Lady. McMurray, Mrs. McMurray, congratulations. Thanks, Wayne. P'zazz is all cleared up and everything. I'm back to my old self again. Glad to hear. Best of luck. Appreciate it. Let's go get a couple of cocksucking G&Ts, that's what I always say. Okay, girl, let's do it. Sorry, I couldn't vote for you, Wayne. Your video really threw me off. Thanks for cutting my lawn, though. I'll return the favor one day. Good enough, Jim. Stewart's YouTube page. McMurray's a piece of shit. McMurray's a piece of shit. McMurray's a piece of shit? Why would I say McMurray's a piece of shit? All right, he's a piece of shit. Hello? Yo. What's up, B? Nothing. Chilling. What's up with you? McMurray's a piece of shit. True. What's up? What up? Yo, who's that? Yo, pick up the phone. What up? What's up? What up?. What up?. Ahh. McMurray's a piece of shit. McMurray's a piece of shit. Message approved by Wayne. Fuck a duck. I mean, this is no fun, boys. Team NoFun, boys. We gotta start giving it back to them or they're just gonna fucking walk all over us, buddy. Yeah, but where do we start, buddy? What the fuck is that, boys? Yo, you leave the house like that, buddy? What's the problem, Schmelt? You got a fucking bush, bud. You got a bush, bud. Who's the bush inspector around here, boys? Bush inspector's sleeping on shift, boys. On our junior team it's a fivedollar fine every game and praccy 'til she's shaved down to the wood, boys. Hey, get that hedge hog off your tummy stick, bud. You're fucking gross, bud. You're fucking gross, bud. Looks like we got a couple of cocklookers, Yorkie. Of course, the Schmelts like a good cocklook, Barts. Oh, yeah, I fucking cocklooked 'cause your junk's a fucking car crash and you can't look away. I cocklooked 'cause your junk's a fucking strobe light. I can see it with my eyes closed! So you were cocklooking. They just admitted they cocklooked. Well, I cocklooked 'cause your junk's a fucking welding flame, buddy. You look directly at it and your fucking retinas getting burned. I cocklooked because your junk's a fucking child walking in on his parents. Once you see it, it cannot be unseen. All this time cocklooking could be better spent doing legs. More legs, less cocklooking, Schmelts. I fucking skipped leg day, boys. Fuck leg day, boys! You are woefully uninformed, aren't you? How? I said I would beat Devon's view count, not win you the election. And guess what? I did beat Devon's view count. Look. Oh, I don't give a care. I've been contacted by Budweiser and Carl's Jr. over copyright infringements, but I don't think they're serious. You wanna know what? McMurray's meetings are a bit painful, but not sure that's good enough reason to get into politics. They're all crooks. Every one of them. Now run along, Stewart, before I get bored of behaving. Well, I guess she's off to chore. Been busy cutting other people's fucking lawns all week. Jim Dickins. How're ya now? It's Dicks. Nope, you got it right that time. Good n' you? Not so bad. I said I'd return the favor for cutting the lawn. I figured there's no time like the present. Can we give you a hand with anything?You're having thirsty Thursday with your pals the other day. It was my cousin's sixth birthday party yesterday. Which cousin? Samuel. I fuckin' hate Samuel. Well, Samuel likes you. Fuckin' hate Samuel so much. Well, Samuel's not so bad. I seen Samuel in the laundry room with the cat one time. You just know that little fucker's gonna put him in the dryer. That's a hasty conclusion. Not if you seen Samuel trying to put himself in there 15 minutes earlier. I seen Samuel snort a line of Fun Dip on his fifth birthday. Well, it's reason fuckin' five million I didn't go to his sixth birthday party. He was doing a Fun Dip dry rip. A what? Or rippsin' a Fun Dip dry one. Well, what's that? Well, in schneef terms, if you do a line of schneef before you've ingested any booze to alter your judgment, it's called doing a dry rip. Or rippsin' a dry one. Doin' dry rips is a pretty good indication you got a schneef problem. You got yourselves a schneef issue. Well, yous ever done a dry rip? Well, back in the day. In the glory days. Yeah, I done a dry rip. I'd a rips a dry one. Not sure if rippin' a Fun dip dry rip would have the same effect, but doin' it is still a pretty good indication you got some sort of problem. Well, hoopin' Fun Dip definitely wouldn't have the same effects, but it's definitely an indication you got yourselves a problem. Well, what's hoopin'? Well, that's instead of taking the drugs orally's or intranasally's, you take 'em anally's. What the fuck you talking about now? Well, instead of down the hatch or up the nose, you take 'em in the pooper. Wait, you put drugs up your pooper? That's the fastest way to absorbs 'em into your systems. Do you mean like you take the drugs with your hand. Well, then you put 'em up your pooper? Correct. But you don't poop 'em out? No, your pooper absorbs 'em. Well, isn't that curious. Hoopin' Fun Dip definitely wouldn't have the same effect as hoopin' schneef. But doing it is still probably a pretty good indication you got some sort of a problem. I guess a Fun Dip dick dinger wouldn't be the ends of the world. You wanna know what? I heard my friends J. P. and J. W. talk about Fun Dip dick dingers one time. Well, whose dick was gettin' dinged? Well, I thought it was a bit intrusive to ask whose dick was gettin' dinged. As long as they're both consentin' adults, it really doesn't matter whose dick's gettin' dinged. Well, I really hope the Fun Dip candy stick isn't going to waste in all this. Do you wanna know what? I pulled my first allnighter with my friend Chad in grade eight playing Pokemans and eating Fun Dip. Oh, waits. If. If Samuel's already been takin' Fun Dips orally's and intranasally's. Yeah, we should probably go check on Samuel. I fuckin' hate Samuel so much. You got any dates lined up this week, good buddy? Nah, I'm gonna put that bullshit on the back burner for a bit, bud. Soft, literally. Parks 'er behind the barn for a bits? Tenply. No. Gotta find Stormy a stud. That's a priority. She's a beautiful dog. Oh, she's a real beauty. No, she's a gorgeous dog. She just tries to kill her studs, is the thing. Well, that's my girl. Maybe you should takes her in for a fingers in the bum. Are you fuckin' preoccupied? That's only the answer sometimes. Squirrelly Dan working' Squirrelly OT. Not all the time. Just to checks. Sometimes. Are you fuckin' preoccupied? Doesn't matter what you takes her in for. As sure as a bush is gonna break your fall, Stormy's gonna get some fingers in the bum. How deep? Fuck's sake. What do ya means, how deep? How many knuckles? Like how many knuckles deep? Yeah, are we talking about a oneknuckler or a twoknuckler? Oh, be at least a threeknuckler to gets to the bottom of this. Oh, see, now, that's too many. Is not. Well, a person's got two knuckles so you're saying that the vet would have to fire a threeknuckler up Stormy's bum to get to the bottom of it? A person has three knuckles. Well, a person has two knuckles. Figure it out. A person has three knuckles. You figure it out. A person's got two knuckles, okay? One, two. Three. You forgots about the little knuckles underneath the fingernails. Well, see now, that's not a knuckle, though, Dan. To be a knuckle, you gotta be able to punch somebody with it. You can't punch somebody with the knuckle underneath the fingernail, can you? Can too. Well, you'll be looking pretty fuckin' silly. First knuckle, one knuckler. Second knuckle, twoknuckler. Third knuckle, threeknuckler. So then by your logic the vet would have to fire a full finger up Stormy's bum to get to the bottom of it. Correct. See, I'm just not so goddamn sure I can stand by and watch the vet give Stormy a threeknuckler up the bum. No, I don't think Stormy would need a threeknuckler up the bum. Well, thank you, Dary, because then you'd think the vet's a bit funny, would you not? Mmm, a person has three knuckles, though. Thank you, Dary. Fuck's sake, go ahead and have a fuckin' fight with your first knuckle then. You'll be lookin' pretty fuckin' silly. Yeah, but when we're talkin' about a twoknuckler, we're talking about horizontal knuckles. I'm gonna stop you there. By your logic, a sixknuckler can be dealt with using these two fingers? Correct. Incorrect. No such thing as a sixknuckler. A sixknuckler existed, I'd know about it. How are ya now, Gail? Good, and you? Not so bad. Got a stud for Stormy. Comes from the Baumgartner breeders. Name's Ken. Ken Baumgartner? Yeah. Okay. You're not exposed to give dogs human names. Can do what I want. Well, sure you can, I'm just sayin' you're not exposed to. Baumgartner's been breeding German Shepherds out in Chemmy for six years. Champion bloodlines. Elegance. Strength. Raw food diet. You got him in the truck? Yeah. Well, pull around back. See if they'll have a go. Okay. Hey, Dan. Do you wanna know how I know about a sixknuckler? Okay. Reilly. Jonesy. You guys been gettin' a lot of ice time? Well, actually.  I'm just kiddin'. I don't give a fuck. I stepped down from your old junior team. Turns out the senior team needed a new bench boss. Real work to be done here. Real men. Turns out you guys have been havin' a bit of a cake walk up here, huh? Is that right, Reilly? Eh, a little angel cake? A little angel food cake with a top glaze? Huh? Have your mom mix up the egg whites and the vanilla? Huh? Have your mom cut it with a knife or a small spatula through the batter releasing air bubbles and bake? Light as air? Huh? Virtually fatfree? Fuck you, pheasant! Come on, man. Oh, Jonesy's got something to say. What kind of cake are you walkin', huh? A little Lady Baltimore? Huh? A little date and walnut loaf? A little Napoleonshatte? Coach, it's not that we're. Cake walk's over, all right, Johnny Cheechoo and Chuck Huddy? Gonna have the boys tossing up sueys up the middle all night, just tossing up hot suey sauce? You know why?. 'Cause you've been skipped leg day? You think you can skirt legs and crack the Czech Extraliga? Huh? You couldn't even crack the HockeyAllsvenska, let alone the Deutsche Eishockey Liga! Fuck! You plugs are gonna learn some jam. It is fuckin' embarrassing! I'm sick of playing' hurt, buddy. Are you hurt or are you injured, buddy? This time it's different. My feelings are hurt. No, feelings are injured, bro. I wanna dust on praccy. No praccy means no game, buddy. I know. I wanna dust on praccy, too. What do we do? Crush a couple sandos? I don't think I could crush a sando right now. But you love crushin' sandos, bro. I know. I'm fuckin' terrified. Me too. Hey. Hey. It's okay. Thanks, buddy. (HIPHOP SONG PLAYING) I'm here for a normal reason. Okay, but sure it's this? Yeah, it's all cued up. And this is their best song? It is. Well, it's the one he knows. Oh. If it fails, it's on you. What? Hey, we got, uh. We got Digable Planets all cued up for you, Stewart. I'm more into Shabazz Palaces right now. Uh, we don't have them. What about Busdriver? Milo? Open Mike Eagle? You love those guys. Hmm? Have any Freddie Gibbs? Vince Staples? It's darker. Young Thug?  Don't act like anyone knows what he's saying, Devon. I've got an idea. Danny Brown. Cue it up. Cue it up. Cue it up. Cue it up. Okay. This gets worse before it gets better, cowboy. Did she. Stormy tried to kill Ken Baumgartner. Well, that's my girl. The Baumgartners aren't gonna be too jazzed about this. Guess we could try his brother Nolan. Nolan Baumgartner? Yeah. Okay. No more Baumgartners. It's not the Baumgartners. It's Stormy. Fuckin' shithead! Gail. She's a shithead and I'll fuckin' say it to her face. I'll say it to fuckin' your face. Fuckin' rip open her face, take out her eye sockets, get right in there and tell it to her fuckin' frontal lobe. Fuck! Fuck! It's too nice a day to get cross. You should try a sedative. What? Are you kiddin' me? God. Oh, my. Oh, this is what we were talkin' about in my women's studies class right here. Let's have a fuckin' field day with this bullshit, that's for goddamn sure. Fuckin' patriarchy. Professor Tricia would literally shit a brick! What's wrong with you? I'm very upset. Sort yourself out. Gail just said she wants to roofie Stormy. No, I didn't. Doesn't sound like she did. If you want to give Stormy drugs to the point of impairments so that Ken Baumgartners can have his filthy sex with her, well, then, that is.  Don't say it. We get it. What about Nolan Baumgartner? Okay, you think I wanna carpet Stormy? Yeah. Sounds to me like you wants to rope her. What the actual fuck are you two talkin' about? Carpet and rope are slang for roofies. Every drug has, like, a million different words. Name one. Marijuana. Dutch. Keef. Dank. Assassin of youth. K. Name another. Cocaine. Uptown. Nose beers. Booger sugar. Stripper salt. Outstanding. Name another. No, I get it. MDMA. And don't say Molly. Who's that? Bombers. Hug drug. Mmm, little fellows. EBaums world. Mushrooms. Zoomers. Boomers. Cracker stackers. Simple Simon.  Better not call me Simple Simon, I'll tell you where to go. Fuck, yeah. I've got another stud for Stormy. Fuck you. Give me half hour. Well, I'll go run 'er. Might help. Little exercise. Discipline and affection in that order. Hey, Dan, do you know another name for Ecstasy is Dancin' Shoes? 'Cause it makes me wanna dance. Makes me wanna hug. I get real huggy when I'm on the ecstasy's. Ecstasy bear. Somethin' about that drug, you know. You just wanna reach around and enjoy the tactile sensations that make up this fabulous world. Wide worldy bear. Yeah, just. Just wanna hold people. Okay, how can I help? Rock bottom, boys. Rock bottom, ferda. Ferda. Boys, do you know I think that there is a reason why you found me. Well, yeah, I mean, you were waiting for us. Kinda right by the door. Okay, I think there's a reason. .that y'all found me, okay? You found me because you need guidance. You're. You're lost. Nowhere to turn. And do you know what I say to those who need guidance? Do you know what I say to those who are lost? Who have nowhere to turn? I say turn to him. Turn to who? God. Can't we just talk to you, buddy? Yeah. Talk to God. Why do we have to talk to God? Why can't we just talk to you? You're right here. Well, I. I understand but we're all saying the same thing. I'm here, I'm the one. I'm a conduit. I'm the one that. I'm the messenger that. Talk to me. I'm your spiritual counselor, okay? You can talk to me. Thanks, buddy. Sick, buddy. All right. So, I think to get to the root of your problem we need to figure out here, together, where did it begin? Sick, buddy. Sick. Boys, where did it all begin? What? Oh, do you mean when? No. Yes, actually. Yes. Thanks. Surprise. When, when did the problem start? Oh, um. When. When we lost. She we do not speak of. Ooh, Katy? No. Yes. Just, we do not speak of her. Then, yes, but, buddy, we're talking about her right now so. We're speaking of her to try to make it so she isn't she we do not speak about anymore. Yeah, I know, but is that even okay, buddy? Oh, my God. Yes. It's fine. It's fine. It's okay. It's okay. I want you to think about this. I want you to hear this and I want you to think about it. I want you to think about how many fish there are in the sea, 'cause there's a lot of them. A lot of fish in the sea and there's a lot of fish on menus and most often good restaurants have a lot of fish on them. And I want you to think, Look at this menu. Have I tried all this fish? Have I thought, do I want fish? Oh, what's this? Oh, this is a shellfish. That looks like calamari, I wanna try that. Oh, you mean like our big city slams? I guess we could call up our big city slams, bro. I didn't. I didn't mean that at all, but fine. Do whatever you want. Big city slams, ferda. Ferda! Hey, it's never gonna make sense to me. Where are you going? He has the car. See? I told you. It's his. Worth it. I gagged. Gail, how are ya now? Good, and you? Not so bad.  You gotta rich inner life. Boy, howdy. Got another stud for Stormy. Comes from the Buchburger breeders. Name's Kelly. Kelly Buchburger? Yeah. Okay. The Buchburgers have been breedin' German Shepherds out in Arva for 16 years. They're outgoin'. Strong. And heavyboned.  So he's in the truck? Yeah. Well, pull around back, we'll see if they'll have a go. Gotta say, Wayne, if it doesn't work out with Kelly Buchburger, you're approaching the bottom of the well. Oh, bother. I was sure you had a winner in Ken Baumgartner. You could always use his brother, Nolan Baumgartner. If you don't want to sedate. I've had just abouts enough of that talks, Gail. If you're past a knuckle or two up the bum. It'd take three knuckles to gets to the bottom of this. I'd say Stormy's just not fit for breedin'. But she's a beautiful dog. She's such a beautiful dog. A real beauty. She's a gorgeous dog. Yeah, but she keeps on tryin' to kill her studs. Well. PitterPatter. My Instagram is just blowing up. Oh, my goodness. Oh! Yes, Katy. To be clear, I wanna sign you. So you're gonna call me, right, even if it's just to talk? I am gonna lay everything out for you. All your pretty options. We're gonna start with a tour of the office. Maybe a lowcal lunch. But you have to come to the city. I really can't do anything here in Letterkenny. So you're gonna call me, right? Yes. Awesome. Cool. Talk soon. Okay? Okay. Hey, KatyKat? Hey, Katy?  Big city slams, boys. Big city slams, boys. Gail, how are ya now? Good, and you? Not so bad. Got the perfect stud for Stormy. My cousin up in Tobermory will be here with him later. This dog is different. Strong, silent type. Hard worker. No bullshit. Fuck, I'd do him. Sounds like a good guy. Sounds like a real good guy. Probably a real good guy. This is the one, cowboy. Okay. You can trust this old goat. So your cousin's coming up later with the stud? Yeah. What are we gonna do till then? Ah, you're fuckin' lookin' at it, super chief. Well, you know, back in the day. Back in the glory days. We'd hoover some schneef. You wanna know what? I feel like yous been working your way towards this for about six weeks. It's been a long, long time since I've hoovered some schneef. 'Cause you were a fuckin' degen when you did, Dan. I was skinny. And here's another thing. You shouldn't call it schneef anymore. I think you should call it schniff. Why? 'Cause it's funnier. I think. It's kinda like that word queef. See, you can have a lot of fun with that word queef. But what's funnier, well, I think, is the word quiff. I could hoover a bit of schneef. Schniff. You ever hoovered backseat schneef? Schniff! I've hoovered schneef off of the headrest of a Pontiac Tracer traveling to SARSfest. Ever hoovered backstage schneef? I've hoovered schneef off of Jann Arden's charcuterie board. I'd have a beer. You ever hoovered boat schneef?. Schniff! I've hoovered schneef off of Theodore Tugboat's baseball cap. I got the NES out for you. What happened to the 64? Six hours Mario Kart. Six hours Diddy Kong Racing. Have I been sleeping that long? He did melatonin dry rips. You did melatonin dry rips? Did you play GoldenEye? Pointless. Everyone has the multiplayer maps memorized. What's on NES? We beat Mario 1. Almost done Mario 3. What about Mario 2? That's it? Desist? You are amiss. Super Mario Brothers 2? What kind of dismantled, bemused, lugubrious motherfucker wants to play that, Stewart? I'm sad, Devon. I know. Do what you must. I will. We will. You will? Mmmhmm. We need you back at one hundred. One hunnid. Zero to one hunnid? Real quick. So? We will get her back. Roald? That better be the duck hunter gun in your pocket. It's called an NES zapper. But, no. I miss Katy, buddy. I miss KatyKat in a big way, buddy. Where have you been for the past four and a half minutes, boys? Gettin' blowies. I just got a squeezer, but still. Ferda. Okay, boys. If I'm Katy, I don't wanna date you. Bro. Bro. Just saying. And if I'm Wayne. I don't. I don't want you dating my sister. I think I know what he means, buddy. But ya don't. I think I get it, bro. You definitely don't. We need to go through Wayne to get to Katy. Okay, I can work with that. Maybe we're on to something. We need to beat the shit out of Wayne to get to Katy? Okay, you don't. You lost me again. Beat the shit outta Wayne, ferda KatyKat. Ferda KatyKat. And. None of it, none of it makes sense. Lord, I tried. I tried. Lord. Lord knows I tried! Ah, there will be no peace in Letterkenny. No, sir. Satan has secured his estate. Thousands below the asking price. Our Father, who art in heaven. Hallowed by Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not unto temptation, but deliver us from evil. For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen. You ever hoovered police station schneef? I've hoovered schneef off a sergeant constable's nightstick. You should call it schniff. Ever hoovered airport schneef? I've hoovered schneef off a Drakkar Noir display at the hors taxes. Well, suit yourselves. My cousin should be here any minute. It's fuckin' tilly time, boys! Go time! Go grab a rake and tidy that gravel you've upset. Are you fuckin' deaf, hick? Let's have a donnybrook! That tone's unhelpful. Tarps off? Sheddin' the tarp. Now, as I recall, that's your ritual before a fight, and my patience is wearing thin, so I'll ask. Are you fuckin' high? No. No. We want Katy back. We'll go through you to get her. Unnecessary as of five minutes ago but as of right this second, you should make sure your shoelaces are tight. Bye, Katy. What does that have to do with anything? What? Air! Ramped! Fire! I've come to reclaim the Lady Katy. Fuck you, pheasant! We've been waitin' a long time to fight you, pheasy? We're ready to defend. So there's a line? If so. I'm budgin'. We should breakdance fight. It's safer. And I'll win. Too much talkin'. Shall we? Oh, shit, I actually do need to tie my shoelaces. What the fuck? Let's get at it! Wayne, this is my cousin. What's your cousin's name, Gail? Rosie. Rosie, how are ya now? Good, and you? I'm not so bad. Should I pull around back and see if they'll have a go? Couldn't have said it better myself. PitterPatter. Wayne? Yeah? I want you back. Oh. Wayne. Yeah? I'm pregnant. Oh. Oh, fuck. You ran out of beers with your pals the other day. What do ya have, some kind of drinking problem? What's the problem, Dan? That's alcohol's abuse. Well, to be fair. Oh, don't say to be fair. I hate when people say to be fair. It sounds like, To be faiuh. To be faiuh. Well, to be faiuh. The bottom inch of a beer bottle is 50% spit. Well, don't be gross. Bugs could have crawled down there and died, too. You don't know. What'd I just say? Well, it's the same reason you don't eat the bottom of an ice cream cone. Not sure how I feels about this talk. What, do you think they check for bugs down there in the cone factory? Fuck, no. They just throw the cones in the box. Figure it out. Can we move past this, please? What, do ya think they check for bugs down there at the cone shop? Fuck, no. They just throw the ice cream on there. Have a good one. This conversation's fast becoming a confrontation. Like, here, have some ice cream and fucking bugs, likely. What do you do with the bottoms of the ice cream cones? Well, you throw it on the fucking ground, Dan. You let the bugs eat it. It's the circle of life. Didn't you never see The Lion King? You know I love The Lion King. We're out of beer. No. No. Beer store's closed. Fuck, do I miss MoDean's. Reason fucking five million we need some sort of bar in this town. Green, blue, and gold? I don't like where this is headed. Yeah, it's the leftovers from the Christmas potluck. We haven't had that in years. A half dozen at least. Well, a half baker's, but that's splitting hairs. Creme de menthe, Blue Curacao, Butter Ripple Schnapps. Now, what the fuck am I supposed to do with creme de menthe? Splash of milk, with three scoops of chocolate ice cream, you got yourself a Frozen Girl Scout. Do I look like the type of prick to have a Frozen Girl Scout, Dary? What am I supposed to do with Blue Curacao? Mix apple juice, pear juice, garnish with blackberries, you got yourself a Blue Bijou. I think I'd rather have a Blue Bijou. There's not enough for two. Says you. Well, what am I supposed to do with Butter Ripple Schnapps? Well, that's easy, KatyKat. Down the hatch. I'd be tasting that for days. What's the meaning of this? I found it in an old golf bag. And why do you get it? It's warm. It's still a beer. Well, to be fair. To be faiuh. To be faiuh. To be faiuh. To be faiuh. He is essentially drinking a bottle of piss right now. Now, you're no mixologist but your best bet here is to mix 'em all together into what you call donkey juice. However, to be faiuh, donkey juice will make you spit. Well, can't win 'em all. Uncle Eddie died. Did he? Dumdiddydo. Well, you can't win 'em all. Mr. Letterkenny himself. Longeststanding mayor in the history of Letterkenny. And you know that snowbird enjoyed the homestretch in Fort Lauderdale. Oh, yeah, just hanging out down there playing crokinole and shuffleboard with his good pals. He was a good guy. He was a real good guy. He left us a bunch of money. Did he? Dumdiddydo. How much? Five K. What a great fucking guy. He was a real great fucking guy. Well, he'd want us to have a party. He wants us to put it back into the community. What a great fucking guy! He says in his will that he's fallen out of touch with the community and he trusts our judgment to give five K some legs around here. Well, sure as God's got sandals. So, how do you want to fuck this pig? Well, you'd better put it on your fucking Facebook. PitterPatter. Let's get at 'er. (HIPHOP MUSIC PLAYING) Faster than shit through a goose. Licketysplit. You've entered the barn, where ideas come to blossom or be ridiculed relentlessly. On one side, two nononsense farmers are looking to give away their uncle's money. On the other, savvy entrepreneurs hoping to acquire it. First up, three degens from Letterkenny are hoping to sell the farmers on their solution for a common smalltown problem. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Katy. Hi, Wayne. How are ya now? Good and you? Not so bad. Say, thanks for the, uh. Well, the thing you did there. No problem, Wayne. Any time. Good afternoon, hicks. We are asking for. Is it true that you have a massive horn? Yes. No. No?  I mean, there's no way that they could possibly know that. I saw Stewart's penis at the Elmira pool on my 11th birthday. Looked like a 12ounce cut of pork tenderloin hanging there. Erroneous. I saw Stewart's penis when we touched tubes, as normal, inquisitive, young boys do, and it looked six pool balls were stuck inside a gym sock, hanging there. Unverified. Told ya. Fuck! We are asking for five K for 66.6% of our company. Outstanding. We want to give back to the community by helping people get sober. Uncle Eddie got sober as a birthday present to himself on his 90th. Which was curious, 'cause he'd come that far, right? I should say. And we plan on doing this by getting the biggest disasters in Letterkenny, and putting them in a room with cameras. From there, we film their friends and family telling them they must halt said disastery, posthaste! Is disastery a word? It's a band name. Quantifiable. Want to know what? It feels like I might have seen something like this on a TV show one time. We've arranged a demo of how this might work. We have? Stewart, you are such a disastery that sometimes you don't even know if it's a weekday or the weekend. It hurts me to see you being such a disaster. I wish you could go back to being only a mild disaster. Love, Devon. This antic was not discussed or rehearsed. Stewart, I worry that your disastery is the result of when we touched tubes as young boys. I think about touching tubes with you and sometimes wish I could go back in time and not touch tubes. Perhaps had we not touched tubes, you wouldn't be such a disaster. Love, Roald. Drollery was to be left on the cuttingroom floor. Anywho. Your idea comes from a good place, but Uncle Eddie always believed that if a man needs help, he'll ask. He won't be told. And for that reason, I'm out. Sounds like touching tubes was a pretty big setback for Stewart, but your pitch was the real disaster. I'm out. So, do we win? No. No. Up next in the barn, these winners of the genetic lottery with no more than an ounce of gray matter between them, hope the farmers get behind their plan for young people in Letterkenny. So, are you just going to do that every time, then, Bonnie? Well, if you want me to, Wayne. Yes, please. You got it, Wayne. Thank you. Good afternoon, Wayne, and shewedonotspeakof. Oh, piss off. You both took down your team's student trainer on her kinesiology coop. How'd she find out about. Shh! There's hope for you yet, boys. We are here asking for five K for 49% of our company. Super. We want to give back to the community by investing in the youth, boys. Really hustle for the youth, boys. Uncle Eddie loved kids. His only shortcoming, really. We want to take the toughest youth in Letterkenny and put them into a house together, with a gym and with a pool. There, they'll work out together while receiving instructions from coaches, Joint Boy and Tyson. They will then fight each other one by one to find out who is, in fact, the toughest kid in Letterkenny. This concept sounds a bit familiar. No, it's a fresh concept, ferda. Ferda fresh. Well, I'm trying to wrap my head around this, so I've got a few questions, here. So, you want to put a bunch of dudes in a house together? Yes. They'll be wearing only gym shorts, as you can see in the poster. And then you'll have all these dudes work out together? Yes, and they'll always be shirtless 'cause there's no AC. It's hot. Then when all these dudes are done working out together, they can go swimming together? Oh, we'll teach them how to wrestle, too. Hold downs, full mount, top control. Throw some booze in the house. They can have a drink together. What are you really trying to accomplish here, boys?. Great presentation. I really love the bulletin board with all the sweaty dudes. You can just leave that here. But I don't think that Uncle Eddie would say, Katy, great investment in sweaty dudes. And for that reason, I'm out. You want to know what? I'm just going to come right out and say it, and you can take that bulletin board with you, please and thanks. This idea's a tad fruityloops. And for that reason, oh, I'm out. What?. Up next in the barn, this bartender turned dogbreeder hopes Cupid will find his way to Letterkenny. Say, Bonnie, could I get you anything? A glass of water, or. I'm okay, Wayne. Thanks, though. Well, if you change your mind, you can just run to the house there, help yourself. Maybe I will run over then. Can I get you anything? Well, no, I'm okay. Do you want anything from the. Hmm. Wet your whistle. No, I'm good. I got some water. Okay. No, we're okay. Thank you, Bonnie. Cool, Wayne. Good afternoon, Wayne, Katy. Gail, how are you now? Good, and you? Well, not so bad. I'm asking for five K for 69% of my company. Why 69? Both sides benefit. Good enough. I want to give back to the community by helping people find love. Uncle Eddie was a notorious matchmaker. And a real fucking legend on the D floor right up till the bitter end. Yeah. And I plan on doing that by putting 20 women from Letterkenny into a house with you, and having 'em all compete for your hand in marriage. Who, me? Yeah. Well, get after it. Isn't this already a reality series? If it is, no one watches it. Well, I'd fucking watch it, boy howdy. I'll have the girls perform campy tasks and complete silly challenges to prove their mettle. Well, that sounds fun. Unnecessary, but go on. Then you'd go on group dates with them and oneonone dates with them. And then you ax them one by one until you decide which one you want to marry. Okay. I'm not sure it's reasonable that he could choose a wife based just on that. I know. Tastes good, but where's the cream filling? Like a Boston cream? Canadian maple's better. Well, that's a Texassized 104. Here's the kicker. When it gets down to the final three girls, deal is, you get to go to their houses and meet their families. See? Now that's reasonable. And then you get to spend a night with each of them, until you decide which one you want to marry. Is that. Does she. With all three? Does she mean. After the. Well, maybe it means that I would have to. I don't want to talk about it, just ask her. Okay, I'll ask her. You want to know what? I got some fucking questions here. Shaboink! Now, when you say I spend the night with three of them, is it implied I have sex with all three of them? Sure is. So, I meet their families. Then we go have sex. I do that with three of them, before deciding which one I want to marry? Yeah. And do the girls know going into the process that I will be having sex with them and two other girls before deciding which one I want to marry? Yeah. Maybe more. And do the girls' families, who I've just met, also know, going into the process, that I will be having sex with their daughters, as well as two other girls who are not their daughters, before deciding which one I want to marry? Yeah. And the girls, and their families, find this process entirely rational, despite how selfharming, healthhazardous, and humiliating it very likely will be? Yeah. And do you say 20 girls, and their families will happily sign up for this process? Over and over, I imagine. Oh, Gail, I don't want to date a girl like that, for fuck's sake. Comes from a family like that. Fuck. Gail, could there be a female version where there's one girl and 20 dudes? Yeah. I'm in. No! Ew! You're out. And do you want to know what? What? I'm out. Okay. Up next in the barn, this husband and wife pair from RR2 Letterkenny wants to go hunting for buried treasure. Bonnie! Bonnie! Did ya feed the dog? Yes! Oh, well, thank you. Jim Dickins, how are you now? Good, and you? Oh, not so bad. McMurray, how are. Wayne, how are. Well, good. Well, I'm good and. I'm not so. Oh, not so. Uh. Not so bad. Go ahead. You, you were first so. No, why don't you go ahead? Oh, I didn't want to be impolite. Just start talking, please, McMurray. So you can go ahead and start. If you're going to go first, then it would be your turn. Just pretend what I had to say wasn't important. You're here to pitch, are you not? Are you sure you don't want to say anything? Jesus, PitterPatter, McMurray! Good enough. Have at 'er. Yip, yip, yip. Now, we are asking for five K for 5% of our business. Okay. We want to give back to the community by helping them cocksuckers get rich. Uncle Eddie used to buy lottery tickets for the seniors at the home every week. MRS. And we want to goddamn do that by auctioning off other people's shit. Bingo. Did you know that there are storage facilities surrounding Letterkenny that are filled with other people's useless piles of their shit, that they have forgotten about? Abandoned it, baby. They abandoned their shit. Abandoned their shit. Now, whose knob do I got to polish to get a cocksucking gin and tonic around here? All right. We have secured the auctioneering right for these such storage facilities with the help of our friend, Jimmy Dickskin. Dickins. That's exactly what I said. So, what we want to do is we want to take people down there and have them rummage through all the shit and then buy some of the stuff and probably, more than likely, most definitely, find hidden treasures, gold and jewels. And I'd settle for a Tom Collins, if it'll get this rig rolling. So, you want to sell other people's shit that they left in their storage locker. Abandoned. Abandoned. Things that they abandoned. But it's a storage locker and nobody's got any good shit in there. You would be surprised. I'm never surprised. Well, you will be once we show you a demonstration of one such storage locker that we have brought down from the tiny town of Tiverton. Baby, if you will. Shall I call you Vanna, for a little roleplay? Uhhuh, baby, you know what I mean? All right, and a one, and a two, and a three, Jimmy Dickskin! Got a beautiful set of DVDs. To start the bidding. DVDs galore, look at that.  One, two, three, four, five. That's $50 guaranteed for sure for DVDs alone. Then we got a VCR. That's a vintage VCR. Guaranteed $50 for that sweet piece of machinery right then and there. Maybe 100, maybe 150. No big problem. What else have we got, baby? Fishing lures. What man doesn't want 'em? What man doesn't need 'em? What man doesn't throw fishing lures all over the goddamn place? Hundreds by the thousands. Five dollars a fishing lure guaranteeing it for fucking sure. So, you got five, probably times 100, probably $5,000 right there, sitting alone in that box. That microwave was probably touched by Mahatma Gandhi. Easy! Maybe even Jesus. The proper thing, I guarantee ya, is worth $100,000, no problem. A bit generous on your evaluations there, bud. All right, 100,000 might be too much, but maybe 50,000. What have we got now, baby? Looks like we got a handyman storage locker, baby.  Handyman storage.  We got corn silk white. We got lavender brush white paint. We got.  Mint. Mint cream white paint! You can cream all over the place! All over your ceilings! You can do them! Come in here and buy all of that paint and paint your apartment and give you $100 cash in your hands. Ya hear me? What else we got, baby? And now we're talking big money. We got the bits. We got bits. Bits coming out of the ass. Twist bits, drill bits, fucking Brad bits. All over the place. Baby's putting them in. Gonna have so many bits, you can put 'em in your tits. You can put in your mouth, you can shake 'em all around, do a little dance, and all kinds of shit. Bits all over the place. You can have so many, you can lick 'em, suck 'em, kick 'em fucking right in. Not for me, though, but somebody else who's into that kind of shit. Each one is guaranteed to be at least $100. No problem there, for sure. $100 each bit! No, they're not. Sure God damn are! No, they're not. Jimmy Dickskin! Dickins! I know it's Dickins, and I meant no offense. I was just trying to get you to stop the. Well, the thing you're doing. No one keeps shit in their storage locker that you can rich off of. Only shit like Brad point bits, really. Yep, see. Uncle Eddie would have wanted me to take this idea and put it in a storage locker, then abandon it. I'm out! You want to know what? Whoever called it the Brad point bit would have done themselves a favor by calling it the Brad Pitt bit. But either way I'm out. That's marketing genius right there, Wayne, but you snooze, you lose, buggers. You're looking at three millionaires walking away from ya in the dust. Have a good day! On the morrow!. Up next in the barn, this southern evangelist turned Letterkenny youth worker brings the sound of music. Bonnie, where'd you get your dress? I don't know. It was a Christmas present. Can you find out? I think so. It's so cute. Thank you. You're welcome. Do you like it, Wayne? Glen, how're you now? Oh, good and you? Not so bad. Well, I want your five K. For what percent? Uh, at 0%. That's the Lord's percentage. Oh, is that what it is? Yes. Now, what I would like to do, is to give back to the community by spreading the word of Christ. Okay .through song! Uncle Eddie was an atheist. Well. Then he couldn't have been a Boy Scout because atheism violates our pledge. You're a Boy Scout? Uh, yeah. Fastest Boy Scout to ever earn his badges in basketing and buglery. Hey, ya ever had a Frozen Girl Scout? Yes! But with three scoops of chocolate gelato instead of ice cream. I'm proudly lactose intolerant. So am I, but you can power through that if you really want to. Wayne! I'd like to introduce you to Milo, Levi, and Finn. Those sound like stage names. Oh, they are. Their actual names are Kennedy, Cullen, Campbell. Those sound like last names. They are. Now I would like to take these boys to Los Angeles to audition for a little show you might have heard of, called America's Got Talent. Now, I know what you're thinking. Why can't you just bring 'em to the local model search and talent show that's coming to town soon? Well, I would prefer to bring them directly to the epicenter of everything. Make 'em superfamous and then inspire loads of other boys, all over Letterkenny, to sing. What do ya sing? Oh, we sing Enya. We sing Enyathing. It's a choir joke. Anywho, I'm their choirmaster but I consider myself to be more of a. A playercoach in the equationatto. Because, I mean, frankly, who wants a trio when you can have a quartet? Ticktock. Okay, boys. Ragazzo! Grazioso. Espressivo. Energetico. Grandioso! Finn?  Well, there was supposed to be an intermezzo, but Milo keeps forcing his falsetto and not accepting the fact that he is a castrato. Okay. And Levi thinks this is madrigals, and will not allow me my obbligato. Uhhuh? And then there's Finn. This is not fucking Glee. Now the soul of the piece is obviously in my ostinato, in my praise him. By the time we get to Los Angeles the piece will begin with a sonatina, it will be accompanied by a partita. It will then accelerando into a capriccio. I will play my third role in the equationatto as the contralto of the quarteto. So? Some people prefer a trio. I am one of those people. And for that reason, I'm out.  Say, when is Los Angeles? It's next weekend! Holy fuck. What? Oh, fuck, bud. What? I'm out. Up next, two barn favorites have a plan. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Daryl. Hi, Bonnie! Hi, Dan. How are you now? Good, and you? Not so bad. Taking a piss? Just a fucking pisser, yeah. Okay. I yacked from donkey juice. Oh, did ya have a spit? You meatsauced. I was up all night, pretty near spitting everywhere. That's pretty near the whole point of donkey juice. Like, you know you're gonna have to spit. Had to call Earl. I called Huey, too. Yeah, I solds the Buick. Oh, did you all toss a sidewalk pizza? Yep. Yep. Yeah. Well, that's pretty near the point of donkey juice. Like, you know you'll have a spit. We are asking for five K for 50% of our business. Fucking serious? Oh, we sees everyone else doing it, figured we'd toss our hats in the ring. You can borrow some money if you want to. No, we've got enough to get by, thanks. Well, we wants to give back to the community by getting jobs for peoples. Well, Uncle Eddie used to always say. An idle mind is the devil's playground. 104, good buddy. Over and out. So Dary and me been making these duck calls and we wants to open up a factory to manufacture these duck calls. Well, see now that is a great, original idea. And, uh, see Dan has a beard and I'll grow a beard, and then the only people that we'd have working in the factory, would also have beards. And that would contribute to our original and unique brand. Unique and original. Yeah. And when we're not making duck calls to contribute to our unique brand, we'd, uh, shoot guns and blows up beaver dams. Oh. Will the beavers be out of the dams before you blow them up? That's unclear. But a dam's got to get blowed up. I'm surprised we're not blowing up beaver dams right now. This is a choice idea, boys. And one that definitely no one has ever attempted before. I think I'm in. What could go wrong? And after we grows our brand and got a followings, we could use our influences to condemn homosexuals. Oh. No, no, 'cause. It's okay because, you know, once we've created our brand, and then condemned the homosexuals, we'll just like go home with our families to eat supper and then hold hands and pray. Well, see now, that's a wee bit of a curve ball, superchieftains. What do you have against homosexuals? Me? Nothing. LQBT is all rights with me. Daryl? Yeah. Nothing. So, why do you want to condemn them? Yeah? We. We seens it on a TV shows. We know. We know. We actually seens it on two TV shows. One was the TV show, what we seens it on, and then the other was a news program about what we seens on the TV shows. We know. But those guys got real popular and they looked like they was having lots of fun so we just figured if we dids what they dids. We could have lots of fun, too. Well, do you still want to blow up beaver dams? Oh, can we still blows up the beaver dams? Oh, yeah, I kind of thought this whole conversation was about us blowing up beaver dams. I'm surprised you're not blowing up beaver dams right now. This idea has lawsuit written all over it. This is the worst pitch we've seen. Ever. And for that reason, I'm out. You want to know what, Dary? You can't even grow a beard. Can too. Cannot. Can too. Cannot. Can too! Cannot! Figure it out!. No, can too! No, you can't. And for that reason, I'm out. But. Well, what are you guys doing now? Me? Nothing. Do ya want to get hammered? Yeah, I'd get hammered. Yeah. I think we're out of beer, though. Beer store's closed.  No! Fuck, do I miss MoDean's. Well, reason fucking five million we need some sort of bar in this town. What did you say when I told you that Uncle Eddie died? I say he's a good guy. The other thing? I say he's a real good guy. The other thing. He'd want us to have a party! Bonnie, thank you for your help today. You're welcome, Wayne. Save me a dance at the next jamboree? Can do. Hey! We all know Uncle Eddie was a real good guy.  Oh, he was a great guy! He was a really good guy! A real good guy. He was a really good guy. Nice guy. Here's to Uncle Eddie. And here's to his five K put back into the community in the most appropriate way possible. Hear, hear! Whoo. This is definitely what he wanted, brother. Did he? Dumdiddydo. We're out of beer. $5,000 worth?. Correct. Beer store's closed.  No! You're out pickin' stones with your pals the other day. Sundays are for pickin' stones. Tale as old as time. Would you rather pick stones or pick worms? Well, pickin' worms is done at night and it can gets rather brisk. So I'd say pickin' stones 'cause it's in the sunshines. There's been an incident and I'd like to talk about it. Get after it. Well, PitterPatter, let's get at 'er. Spit it out, big shoots. I seen Stewart's horn. What? You seen his impaler? His bobby dangler? Well. You seen his PhD? His WMD? Now, look, fellas. You seen his friendly weapon? His sticky grenade? His ground squirrel? Yeah, I seen his ground squirrel. You seen Stewart's middle stump? You've seen his custard slinger? Well, I'm comin' up the stairs and he's comin' out of the bathroom just naked as a jay bird for some fuckin' reason. I round the corner and, yeah, so I seen his, uh. His hollow point. His hard drive. Well, his floppy disk is what I seen, yeah. Well, what's the evaluation? Yeah. I'd hear an assessment. You wanna know what? Looked like a tall boy can of Red Bull hangin' there. No. Looked like a tube of tennis balls hangin' there. A fourpack. Shut up. Looked like a fuckin' policeman's flashlight from the 1980s hangin' there. You're joking. That is no joke. Good job, Stewart. That's what I said. I said, good for him. Good for you, Stewart. Like I'm happy for him. Yeah, it's really good for him. Well, it's a terrific opportunity. Good for you, Stewart. Pump the brakes. Stewart isn't a really big dude. Are you sure the size of his horn wasn't accentuated by his really tiny frame? Looked like a oneliter thermos hangin' there. Because. Because, you know, a really big dude can have a massive horn, but it would look really small in proportion to his gigantic frame, right? Have you been reading my diary? I'll tell you what, it looked like a deflated football hangin' there. Fuck! You wanna know what? There's such a thing as too much horn talk and a fella ought to be fuckin' aware of it. Like, none of these donkeys even dip, bro. None of these chumps even chew, bro. Like none of these dunces ever had a dinger? These losers never had a lipper, bro. Like chill out, have a chaw. Peace out, have a pull. Have a hogger. Have a danger. Have a hammer. Say hello to Sergeant Spitter, boys. Spitter! Spitter! Big roadie this weekend, schmelts. Let's see some heart. Where we goin', boys? You don't know? Check the schedule. This is senior A whale shit hockey! Do you think I check the scheddy? I don't give a shit about the scheddy. Take a lap, lifer. Hang 'em up, hero. Shut it down, Tom Scheddy. Hit the showers, Scheddy Vedder. You're softer than Scheddy Ruxpin. Schmelts got jokes, Yorkie. They won't be laughing for long, Barts. You're about to meet the natives, boys. The senior A natives. You thought the juniors were tough? The senior natives will fuckin' kill you. You got the native flu, you little bitch? Yorkie. That's the native flu if I've ever seen it, Barts. Scholtzy. You scared of the natives, pussy? Fisky. Fever. Body aches. Nausea. All symptoms fraidycats fake to get out of playing the natives. Boomtown. I hate fraidycats like I love my wife. Intensely. I love her so much. We do not have the native flu. No? So what's got you looking like a fraidycat, you little bitch? Yorkie. Cacophobia? The fear of ugliness? Don't think so. I'm gorgeous. Scholtzy. Coprophobia? The fear of poop? Nah. You both pooped your pants when we mentioned the natives, pussy. Fisky. Alektorophobia? The fear of chickens? Uhuh. 'Cause you'd be afraid of each other. Boomtown. Pentheraphobia? Fear of your motherinlaw? Fuck that. I love my motherinlaw like I love my wife. I'm a good man. It's not the native flu. You're a cry baby. You're barely off the tit, you little bitch. Yorkie. Put the bottle away, Mom. He still wants the tit. Scholtzy. You're scared of the natives, pussy? Fisky. Gutless. Spineless. No heart. Boomtown. I'm a good man. Check the schedule, schmelts. Know the schedule, schmelts. Watch some Scheddy Murphy. Pussy. Fisky. Listen to some Scheddy Van Halen. Boomtown. Or Sched Sheeran. My wife loves Sched Sheeran. Schmelts have the native flu, boys. Those aren't real things. I'm not checking the scheddy. Fuck the scheddy! Fuck it! Fuck it. Yeah! How do you like that, schmelt? Let me go! No! No! Let's do it. We, uh. We need to talk, boys. Uh, but not to her, boys. Piss off. You were getting squeezers from each other's billet sisters the entire time. Dude, did you tell her about those handys? Who told her about the glovers, bro? You just did. Shit. Fuck. Fuck it. We got a roadie to the rez this weekend, boys. Big roadie to play the natives this weekend, boys. You got the native flu? We do not have the native flu. We do not have the native flu. Don't be scared to admits it. Those natives are tough as hell. Yeah, those natives are tougher than hell. Look, we can handle the natives in the rink, boys. We know we got business in their barn, boys. But Tanis and her troops are gonna be waiting for us in the parking lot, so we. We need back up, boys. Hard no. Aw, come on. Where's your jam, bud? Not my pig. Not my farm. Where's the sacrifice? Oh, get off the cross, we need the wood. We tuned 'em up on our turf just a fortnights ago. Yeah, we step back on theirs now, that's a suicide mission. Mmm. I heard Tanis wants the ban on Letterkenny lifted, too. Then she shouldn't have burned down the fuckin' produce stand. Come on. Where's your goddamn hustle, bud? Let's see the hustle, boys. When a man asks you for help, you help him. PitterPatter. Well, I guess I haven't been in a scrap in a while. We could go get bags of darts, too. And their venison pepperettes are not to be missed. I pert near popped a street meat vendor outside of a Jays' game one time for sellin' me a venison dog. Ain't no goatdagoddamn way that's venison dogs. No. Well. I'd go for a scrap. We'll need reinforcements. Joint Boy? Yeah, you could call JB. What about. No. Oh, you mean the Ginger? Hard no. But? Now, everybody listen up 'cause I'm only gonna say this once, we never talk about it again. You understand? We all lay off the Ginger and Boots now. Because the Ginger and Boots did not fuck an ostrich. Yeah, I heard they fucked two ostriches. Allegedly. Folks'll say that it takes two people to fuck an ostrich. Three even. Folks are also saying that it was a sick ostrich. Allegedly. Now, I went on the Internet and researched ostriches. Firstly, ostriches can run up to 70 miles an hour. So catching one, even a sick one, is a super tall order. Yeah, but there was two of them. Secondly, when a male ostrich, it's called a cock, fights over a female ostrich, they're called a hen, they're known to kill each other by head butting. Probably should wear hockey helmets. Hockey helmets, buddy. Well, they'd need a race car helmet, likely. Finally, ostriches use their legs to defend from predators. And can use them to kill even their largest and most deadly enemies, which are fuckin' lions. That's the king of the jungle. Still just a cat. So you'll see there is no way the Ginger and Boots could have fucked an ostrich. Maybe they tranqed the ostrich. Like they roofie'd the ostrich?. You wanna know what? You should feel bad about even suggesting that the Ginger and Boots fucked an ostrich. Bad gas travels real fast in a small town. My research concludes that the only way the Ginger and Boots could have fucked an ostrich is if it was a dead ostrich. Ginger and Boots. a dead ostrich? I thought it was just sick! Oh, my! Ginny? The Ginger and Boots effed a dead ostrich. Oh, bother. Of course I know what the male ones are called! Check my browser history. Don't show her weakness, Stewart. I'm not. I'm sun burnt. Hey, you! Hey, you. This is awkward but your shirt seems to have shrunk in the wash. Not awkward. Things shrink in the wash. How do you explain your dick? Quick wit. Valuable asset. Must really serve a lady of the night like you well. He means you're a hooker. Thanks, Roald. You speak? Heard a song this morning that reminded me of you. Really? So cool. What was it? Die, Die, My Darling. Metallica. Love 'em. Actually, they have a song that reminds me of you, too. Oh? Yeah. Sad But True. Hmm. Why don't you run along and get your essentials? You know, long, smooth, cylindricalshaped objects. Actually, I'm just looking for some threeinch screws to hang a frame. Hey, you know what three inches looks like, right? She skewered you! Don't listen to him, Devon. They wanted you to go to debate school. Hey, what's up? We. We're just goin'. Kidding! I don't give a fuck. Look like you got a bad case of the native flu. Should've brought your fuckin' bodyguards. We do not have the native flu, okay! It's not the native flu! Right. And one tit's better than two. Tanis, what we want to do is go inside, rip a couple of snap bombs and then go home. Just wanna rip some snaps and bury some claps, Tanis. Hack some limbs and rack some PIMS. Lay beats and fill seats. Yeah? Yous want to get pucks deep? Get pucks deep. Yeah, get pucks in the net. Shut the fuck up. If yous think you're gonna make it into that rink, you're fuckin' stupid. Do some damage, boys! Wa'tsok. Listen, we're four lines deep of BFI's in there ready to speed bag you space men. What's a BFI? Big Fuckin' Indians. Not sure that's PC but you said it. If you chodes walk out of there with all your chicklets, then I'm a fuckin' ferret. Piss off. Cool. That's not cool. You ready for a chin check? Yup. You can avoid it if you want to. Nope. Hmm. I want the ban on Letterkenny lifted. There's some good money that can be made selling smokes there. Yous made your point. We fucked off. Point's not made yet. It's not calculus. Finite math is worse. Trigonometry fucked me. I forgot long division in grade six. Okay. Lift the ban on Letterkenny. We'll make a buck and yous can cruise the rez. Bags of darts? Yeah, go to the casino. Venison pepperettes? Yes. Go watch a fuckin' hockey game. Mmm. Nope. FBIs coming. Who's that? Fuckin' Big Indians! Now, one of yous farted right before she got here and she definitely thought it was me. Dan? I'd admits it. JB? Would've went out my window. Maybe she farted. It was me. Hey, since when did algebra become a quick wank? I once popped my grade nine math teacher over the Pythagorean theorem. Did you get expelled? Just suspended. Yep, called probability and statistics. Like probably never gonna need them statistics in your whole life. That's kind of like fractions. Like multiplying and dividing them. Like who the fuck's doin' that? My friend David does tool and dye and he uses fractions. Should have just got his fridge ticket. David has his fridge ticket. Then he should just drive truck. Well, it's never too late to drive truck. Oh! Eyelash. Make a wish. Wish you weren't so fuckin' awkward, bud. Five minutes! Yup. You ready, bro? Born ready, buddy. You stretch it out, bro? Good and limber, bro. I say we get a couple of shifts in before we answer the bell. Get a couple of shifts in before tea time. Get that first shot in and just keep goin', buddy. Don't hesitate, buddy. Take a shift, schmelts. Ooh! Pulled salad in the scrum. Got a mitt full, boys. You get any good shots in? Think I was on my feet for a bit there, bro. Hey, are you hurt or are you injured? Ah! Don't. 100% pure organic, grassfed, Triple A Alberta beef. Better believe it's 'Berta beef. What you got there? Top sirloins? Yeah, the New Yorks are grainfed. Three times the omega3's in grassfed. Bought and paid for. Well, you're gonna want 'em aged if they're top sirloins. Pump the brakes. Two things. One. We'll let those sit for 10 to 15 minutes till they're room temperature. Two. Where's the salt and pepper, bud? Don't you fuckin' start. S and P, the choice for me. I paid a Chair just shy of 20 for each of these Csuckers and I will not be told how to cook 'em. You paid 20 apiece for 'Berta beef? Only 'Berta beef. Well, no guff. But I wouldn't pay 20 apiece for Japanese wagyu. Always 'Berta beef. Hard yes. But I wouldn't pay 20 apiece for Australian wagyu. Gonna want a rib eye if it's a wagyu. Oneinch thick top sirloin. Grill at 400. Four minutes a side. Down the hatch. You are fuckin' up, bud. That's textbook. Not without the S and P. Those fine ranchers in Alberta'd be a Chair away from not sendin' it here if they knew you were sprinklin' salt all over the Csuckers. You're a Chair away from gettin' Csuckin' socked, good buddy. Montreal steak spice really should be a part of this conversation. Oneinch thick top sirloin steak. Salt and pepper heavily. Grill at 400. Four minutes total. Flip each minute to get the good grill marks. Let sit for two minutes. Down the hatch. Flip twice. Grill marks, bud. Sacrilege. I will strike you. Blasphemy. Do you wanna get striked? Finish the whole thing off with a real nice herbs and garlics butter. Don't fuck up my steak dinner, Dary! Any decent chef will tell you, you don't even want to let those things touch the grill. Make it dryer than a fart. What ya wanna do, pan sear it, both sides, finish her off in the ovens. Well, see, now that sounds like overhandling to me. You'd be overhandling them, Squirrelly Dan. Well, he'd be Squirrelly Dan'dling. Oh, yeah, me and Gordon Ramsay are both morons. You wanna know what? Meet half way. All right, no S and P, flip twice. Good. Rare to medium rare. Medium rare. Yo! Ding, ding, pink dicks. This one's mine. Throw them steaks on, Dary, this won't take long. Oh! Remember me, boys? Where's that 'Berta beef? Grill marks, bud. That's the twofight rule for the win, boys. Two fights, that's your night, buddy. Hmm. Hey, did you get any good shots in? No good ones, bro. He fishhooked me, so I chomped his finger. He gave me a pretty good seatbelt, so I pinched the shit out of the back of his arm, buddy. I fuckin' hate when that happens. He did too, buddy. Hey. We would have dusted them if they hadn't jumped us. Proper dustin', ferda. Oh, shit! Fuck, buddy. We would have dusted them if they didn't jump us. Proper dustin', ferda. Hey, shirttucker! That doesn't really narrow it down. You. Meet me half way. I'll level with you. We have a BFI on standby that will fuck you up. K. He'll lynch you. Good. He'll end you. That's redundant. You can end this if you lift the ban. You burned down our produce stand, Tanis. Listen. I don't want to call him. You can call him. Yeah, but I don't want to. Ah, give him a call. I'd rather work this out with you. Too much talk. Wait, wait, wait! We're having a really hard time on the rez, okay? And selling cigarettes in Letterkenny really helps us out. And all of the money goes back into the community. This dude doesn't exist, does he? I want you to meet someone. Dustin! We don't have a lot of money. And I'd sure like to play baseball. Please lift the ban, Wayne. You can get a glove for free at the Sally Anne. Just have Mom or Dad drive you down there. Don't, uh. Don't care much for kids, so. Bubba Wally! The cupboards are bare in the elders' lodge. And we're so tired and sore. Please lift the ban, Wayne. I've got plenty of fresh produce on the farm. Yous are welcome to it. Lego! Oh, fuck. A threelegged dog. And look, Wayne, another threelegged dog. It's cute, huh? Yous can come back once per week. Saturday mornings. Set up shop in the farmers' market parking lot. We'll spread the word. Niawen. Does this dude exist or not? Mmm. PitterPatter! Hey, Katy. Carrying lunch there? Yeah. You want a bite? Who's this? He looks just like you. You actually look great today, you know, in comparison to this bag of shit. Thank you. You're welcome. So? So? Still an unapologetically promiscuous tart? Yep. Still a heartbreakingly inadequate chronic masturbator? No! Hi, Roald. Whatever! Stewart, you and I were a bad idea. Evident. But I still think you're cool. Adios. Hey, Devon. Ugh! Want a bite? So what say that dude exists? He doesn't. Yeah, but what say that he did? What if he walks up and hoofs you right in the nuts like Joint Boy? JB's right, it's him or you. But a kick in the undercarriage? Did Tanis ever recover when I hoofed her? I think she kind of did. Just kiddin'. I don't give a fuck. You still sweet on her, though, Dary? No. Why? Bonnie McMurray, that's why. You're sweet on Bonnie McMurray? Oh, you bet I am. Ha. Same. Well, it's no fuckin' mystery, Murdoch. Better to be the dude doin' the hoofin' than the dude gettin' hoofed. Or the girl gettin' hoofed. Exhibit A. Tanis. But a kicks in the cojones? Well, it's too late once you've been hoofed in the nuts, isn't it? You stand there holdin' your ball sack wondering why you didn't hoof first. Or you stand there holdin' your box wondering why you never hoofed first. So what you're sayings is if that dudes existed. We've already established the dude doesn't fuckin' exist, have we not? You'd kick him right in the pills? I'm fuckin' irritated. Would you kick him right in the pillbox? I'm gonna go see what's on television. We're just speakin' hypoethically here, bud. Ain't no reason to get upset, Wayne!. Save me an Indian taco. How're you now? Does the dude exist or not? No. Yous worked through our finest. No one else measures up. Yet. Stay for a barbecue? No, thank you. Stay. What are yous cookin'? Wagyu. Wagyu? Wagyu New York. I was told you should go for the ribeye if it's a wagyu. Duh. How you cookin 'em? Oneinch thick wagyu, New Yorks. Heavily salt and peppered. Grill at 400. Four minutes total. Flip once a minute for those good grill marks. Let sit for two minutes and then down the hatch. Flip once a minute, eh? Grill marks, bud. Grill marks, bud. You were huckin' the ball around with your pals the other day. Say, uh. What's the deal with your sweetie there, Squirrely Dan? Well, I took her out last night. Where to? Outs to the chip truck. Fries and gravy? I had mine with gravy. She had hers with salts and malts vinegar. Do you know that salt and malt vinegar's a nontraditional way to dress your French fries in the United States? What the fuck is wrong with them? Like malt vinegar is not a staple condiment on tabletops in restaurants in the United States. Fuck, figure it out. That's what I say. I say, figure it out. Got no vinegars on the tables, no Krafts peanut butters. Figure it out. Fuckin' figure it out. Better not forget those fuckin' alldressed chips. No ketchup chips neither. Figure it out. Somebody really ought to write a letter. They do got six different types of Cap'n Crunch, though. How do you know that? Saw a comedian talks about it on the Juste Pour Rires. Can't remember his name, though. Good guy, though? A little longwinded for my taste. But, yeah, a pretty good guy. Well, glad to hear he's a good guy at least. They have running water down there? Anyhoo, the evening went so well that, uh, we got up to a little bits of a foolin' around. Did you French her?. Kind of out of line there, Dary. Did you go up her shirt? Now you're really out of line, Dary. We did French, that much I will reveal. Well, you already revealed that much, might as well just tell us if you went up her shirt. It's impolite to kiss and tell, Dary. I don't like to kiss and tell, but. The Frenchin's tooks a hard left turn, from which I have yets to recover. Do you wanna know what? I'm not asking you to kiss and tell, 'cause that's impolite. But. I'm kind of curious. Yeah, Dan, kiss and tell. I'm sure you boys have had a couple of curve balls thrown your way betwixt the sheets. Well, not to be impolite, but, you know, sometimes a gal will be kissin' around on, like, the area near your genitals, but not quite on your genitals. Makes me ticklish and insecure. You know, not to be impolite, but sometimes a gal will do some kissin' on the ears, which makes me uncomfortable, because even though I clean my ears, sometimes a tater will just roll out of there unexpected. I kind of likes both those things. Yeah, it's why you're called Squirrely Dan. Yeah, reason fuckin' five million. Well, nots to be impolite, but. This gal suggested that maybe I should have some attentions paid to my butts hole. That ever. Ever happen to you guys? Did you ever have a gal suggest that you need some attentions paid to your butts holes? I'll take that as a hard no, I guess? She put a couple of fingers up there and. It turns out you got a. An erogenous zone up there. Found. Found the hot button and. Gaves it a tickle and, uh. Yeah. Feels, uh. It feels pretty good, you guys, okay? Pop fly. I really liked it. It felt. Felt very natural. Nice. That's how you get the body in front of it. Get the body in front of it. They call it milking the prostate. Well, it's impolite to kiss and tell. Where's Stewart been, Katy? He's not talking to me. Why? I don't know. Here are your birthday pancakes, big brother. Don't fuck with tradition. Thank you. You're welcome. Happy birthday, Wayne. Jinx. You owe me a Coke. Well, see now, that you can get in the States. What you can't get, though, is Crush Cream Soda. We got you a present, Wayne. Two Cokes. We don't make a thing of birthdays in this family. Can we skip my supersoft birthday party then this year? Hard no! It's not a birthday thing, it's an efficiency thing. Uh, if you can be one thing, you should be efficient. We got you an appointment with a matchmaker. Get the. Take a. Well, start walkin'. Well, you won't do online dating. There's no more MoDeans, so you can't meet girls there. You're handcuffed, cowboy. Figure it out. Yeah, figures it out. Don't you tell me to figure it out. Yous are the ones should figure it out. All you have to do is sit down with a matchmaker, answer a few questions, and then she sets you up on three dates with girls that she thinks you'll jive with. Has anyone heard from Jivin' Pete lately? Oh, yeah, yeah. No, Jivin' Pete's one nut got all swole up. I don't give a shit about Jivin' Pete's one nut. No, no, this is a story about Jivin' Pete's other nut. Yeah, Jivin' Pete's had himself a botched vasectomy a little while back, so now his one nut's there all swole up bigger than the first nut that was all swole up. If you can believes that nonsense. Was Jivin' showin' it to people again? Oh, he's showin' it to people. I seen it. You seen it, Dary? Oh, I seen it. Yeah, I never seen it. It looks like a rambutan. Which is to say, this hairy fruit. So, not smooth like a persimmon?. No, although it is about the size of a persimmons. Which, of course, is much like a tomatoes. What sort of potent peace pipe was some prick pulling off when he titled tomatoes fruits? Well. Now both Jivin' Pete's nuts have a story, which I hope guarantees that I'll never have to listen to another story about Jivin' Pete's nuts. He's a good guy. He's a real good guy. No, he's a great guy. Wayne. You're looking for love. And you said it yourself, If you can be one thing, be efficient. Do's it once, do's it rights. Figures it out. Pitter patter, let's get at 'er, figure it out. You shouldn't gang up on people on their birthdays. We don't make a thing of birthdays in this family. She's comin' this afternoon. Don't be in your barnin' clothes. I fuckin' hate praccy, bro. It's SeniorA whale shit, bro. Why even praccy? Like, I'm just gonna praccy like a donkey. I could donk all day. Just blast clappers at the hash marks at the fuckin' plug tendy of ours. Clappys from the hashys, buddy. Just steppin' into one from the ladies' tees. Just bulldoze that speed bump. Just firin' ringers at his ears. Just firin' warmup ringers. Just tossin' chesthigh sauce at the boys. Just tossin' anklehigh rocket sauce. Just tossin' mad sui's up the middle. Just tossin' mad sui's through the trolley tracks. Just tossin' mad breakout sui's directly into the skates. Just tossin' mad breakout sui's. You know, it might be a fun praccy after all. I could donk all day, boys. I don't think I've ever sat on a hay bale before. That's a straw bale, and that's barley. Wonderful. Great. Um. So, a little bit about me. Uh, my service is called Goldilocks and the Three Dates. Katy. I forgot to tell her not to tell you that. So, I've modeled my business after the charming story that it's inspired by. I send my clients on three dates, and like the beds that Goldilocks laid down in after eating the three bears' porridge, maybe one is too hard, and maybe one is too soft. But in the end we hope that maybe one is just right. Katy. Get after it. You're losin' him. Okay. Wayne, why don't you just tell me a little bit about yourself. It's impolite to talk about yourself. Keeps his truck clean. Loves his dogs. Enjoys a beer and a smoke. Beer. Beer and smoke. That's. Wow, you know. I get it. Rustic. Trucks, got it. We will make this work. I love it, okay. And then, um, Wayne, can you just tell me a little bit about your past relationship? You shouldn't air your dirty laundry. Five years. Ended a while ago. No baggage. No baggage, love that. No baggage, no babies. Likey. This is fun. I'm having a fun time in this place. And, Wayne, can you tell me how much you make in a fiscal year?. Katy! It's impolite to talk about your money. He's no slouch. Okay. Touche. Well, I'm about to begin your story. Where maybe one is too hard. Maybe one is, um. But in the end. Yeah, you lost him. He seems. He seems nice. Do you live. Do you live in here? So, what did you think of Goldilocks and the Three Dates there, Wayne? Ready to fall in Goldilove? Or Goldilust? You won't be Goldilaughin' when I break your Goldilegs. Dim the Goldilights? Nights of your Goldilife? Use your Goldilanguage. Make her Goldilaugh. Make it Goldilast. Better Goldilay off, before they find your Goldilimbs in a Goldilandfill, Goldiliterally. Take her on a Goldilunch? Maybe a Goldilate suppers? Maybe she's a Goldilawyer. Ooh. You think I'm Goldilyin'? Enough Goldilip. A Goldilongshoresman will find your bodies in the Goldilake! Gentlemen, a question. A query. An inquis. Pitter patter. Has Katy mentioned anything about me not talking to her? Can confirm. Major league. It's working. What's working? By not talking to her, she will form the conclusion that I'm upset with her and eventually ask me why. Why you so butthurt, Stewart? Well, she acts like. Just kidding. I don't give a fuck.  Wait. So, you're upsets with her, and you wanna communicate that by not communicatings? Acutely. You are spare parts, aren't you, bud? Let me know if Katy asks about me. Heads up! Ow! I'm Kim. I'm a psychologist and a feminist. I'll be paying the bill. I'm Wayne. Wayne! Glen. How are you now? Ah, good and you? Oh, not so bad. Well, I guess the kitten's out of the clutch on this one. I also have to work as a waitress to make ends meet.  Sure you do. I'm Kim. Are you ever. Look at you. I'm lovin' this. You're like a shark. I'm scared. Like a Julie Moore, or like a Jessie Chastain. What can I get you to drink? Uh, we'll need a minute. Uh, please and thank you. Hmm. All right. Well, you'll take care of little Miss Nicki Kidman here till I get back, Mr. McConaughey? Sure, I will. All right. He crosses his arms. Are you aware of the psychology behind that? Now, when you say he, you're talking about me, right? He has wit. Do you know why you cross your arms? Feels like you're talking to two people right now. Crossing your arms, whether it be consciously or subconsciously, is a sign of defense. You're protecting your vital organs. Do you feel threatened by me? Well, I don't, but the other guy might. He is hilarious. Enough psychology for now. What do you know about feminism, Wayne? I know it's unsafe territory to discuss with a feminist. Why? Someone will start shoutin'. Why? I don't know. Feminism is the belief that women and men should have equal rights and opportunities. So, are you a feminist, Wayne? Well, I trust my sister with just about any job under the sun over a man. But 'cept this one, I guess. Excuse me? Not to be impolite but you're not exposed to talk about sex, politics or religion at the supper table. What do you want, Wayne? I'd have a Gus'n Bru, likely. Not what I'm asking. What's a Gus'n Bru? Ooh! I'll google it and find out. I'm kiddin'. I know exactly what it is. But we don't have any. So, what can I get you to drink? I'll have a Caesar and he'll have a. Pint of lager, please. Something local. Thank you.  All right. So, a local lager for Mr. Brando and a Caesar for Sandy Bullock. I love those orders. Be right back. I didn't think they'd have it at Four Dancers. Yes, I didn't think they'd have it at this restobar. Gastropub. Says restobar on the sign. It's more of a microbistro. Says brasserie on the menu right there, too. It's more of a bistrobrasserie. When I came in they asked me if I wanted to sit at the restobar or the gastrolounge. I'm glad you chose the restobar. This is actually the gastrolounge. Do you know what an emergency call is, Wayne? Negative. It's when you have a friend call 10, 15 minutes into a date to be sure the date isn't a total bust. And if it is, then you can play the phone call as though it's an emergency and leave the date. Well, that's fair. I guess we are first cousin to an emergency here. A good one. And you shouldn't be afraid of it. I think we could do good things here. I'm going to call my friend and cancel her pending emergency call, and when I get back, let's talk about your feelings, Wayne. Okay. Let's really talk about them. Okay. I wanna take 'em, and I wanna talk about them. Oh, it's Wayne. How are you now? Oh, not so bad. Yeah, this one's too hard. We don't have time to discuss that business. Devon. Stewart. I come in peace. How do we know you don't have another one of those in your sock? You don't. Speak. Do not approach. Seen Katy around? No. That is all.  Stewart! Trouble in paradise? If there was, she wouldn't know it. I'm not talking to her. Well played. Wait it out. That way she'll come to the conclusion that you're upset with her and ask you why. Precisely. She should anyway. If she's smart. I know. Why are you mad at her? She acts like. You should try an open relationship. Could be productive. You could also try a hall pass. It's when you give, you know, her being allowed to sleep with one person and that's it, no questions asked. Another plausibly fruitful option. New GTA and COD out today. We're going to sesh. Been gaming much? Always gaming. You? Just gamed. Stimulating morning game. Evening game will eclipse. I gamed a 00to00 shift last night. You're gaming taxi driver's hours? I gamed a 00to00 shift today. Gaming banker's hours. I'll probably game a 00to00 shift now. Cinq a sept. Nous aussi. You guys wanna hit up a happy hour? We're gonna hit another happy hour. Heads up!  Ow!  I'm Lisa. Wayne. Wayne! Glen, how are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Well, I guess the teddy's out of the tickle trunk on this one, too. I also work here. Reason is the Salty Treat blew out an amp the other day, rockin' out pretty hard to some Lifehouse covers, which will happen. So, I'm pickin' up the slack. I'm happy to do it. Way she goes. I'm Lisa. Are you ever. Look at you! It's America's little sweetheart over here. You're like a little Katy Heigl or like a little Katy Hudson. What can I get ya? Do you have cookies and cream? Do I. Do I have cookies and cream? I sure do have cookies and cream. And I'm thinkin' maybe a vanillafudge swirl chunk for Mr. Newman over here? That'll do, thank you. Okay. And you're gonna keep an eye on little Caty Blanchett here for me till I get back? Sure will. Thank you! Be right back! So, you're a farmer, Wayne? Can confirm. You don't smell like one. I'm kidding. I'm a preschool principal. Do you like kids? Hmm. I know, everyone likes kids. They're so silly. I love them when they're silly. But if they get too silly, they have to come see me. Silly? Mischief. Trouble. We use gentler terms. As a policy. Well, so what happens when they come see you? Well, we do things a little differently in our program. The approach is progressive and positive. We issue a hug consent form to parents, which allows us to hug their kids. Because 99% of the time, all kids need is a hug. A hug? A squeeze. Well, you squeeze 'em. An embrace. Oh. Oh? Well. What is it? Nothin'. Wayne. Yeah? Speak freely. No, I'd better not. That's the only way we'll get to know each other. But do you ever smack 'em? Excuse me? Like, give 'em a good whack? I don't follow. Do you ever hit the kid? Like, for being too silly. No! Wayne. We never hit our kids. You shouldn't hit kids. Well, you know what, don't you remember how scared you were of your principal when you were growing up? It's 'cause he'd smack you if you were being too silly. Like your parents wanted you to have a principal who would smack you. They took comfort in the fact that they were sending you to a place every day where someone would smack you for them if you were being too silly. And sometimes I see kids these days, I kind of think, like. Like, wish you could still do that. That sort of discipline is long outdated, Wayne, and frowned upon. We sit the child down. That's another problem. What is? In my opinion. Sitting? Well, no wonder kids are failin' school, just sittin' around all day. Stand up, you're not doing nothin'. You think sitting is a problem? Yeah. Why? 'Cause it makes you soft. Literally or figuratively? Well, both, I suppose. Both? Yeah. In my opinion. My phone's buzzing. Well, so you like cookies and cream ice cream, hey? Well, I think it's pretty good, too. Hi, Michelle. Oh, no. Okay, I'll be right there. I'm sorry, Wayne, I've gotta go. It's. An emergency. Yeah. Okay. It's Wayne. Well, how are you now? Oh, not so bad. Yeah, this one's too soft. What? I'm not talking to you. Super.  It's been three days. Why haven't you asked me what's wrong? Something wrong? Of course it is. You act like I don't. Should I have known that? It's called the silent treatment. Step one, I stop talking to you. Step two, you form the conclusion that something is wrong. Step three, you ask me what's wrong. What's up with step one? You've skipped step one and two. What's step three again? You ask me what's wrong! Got it. Good. You bet. Go ahead. Where? Step three. What's step three again? We'll skip step three. I'm just going to tell you what's wrong. That should have been step one. Wrong. Step one and two are fundamental steps. You missed steps, Stewart. How? Step one, become angry with someone. Step two, tell that someone that you're angry. Step three, resolve anger with that someone. Step four.  Step four. Step four, resume peaceful existence. Your logic is frighteningly bewitching. Phantasmagoric. It's time for you to go. What? Where? Leave here? It was a rebound. Even though there was no physical act of rebounding, which is a first for me. Gross. Seriously, Katy. W5. No one has time for the silent treatment, Stewart. Not even in Letterkenny. Adios.  Heads up!  Nice try, shirttuckers! Ow! Hi, Wayne. Angie. Wayne! Oh, my gourd, what a coincidence. Oh, I bet you're thinkin' I work here. I don't work here. I just love Guy's fries. They're so crispy, and you add a little salt. I just think they're so delicious. Ooh! Who is this? You're a masterpiece, aren't ya? You're like a Shelly Pfeiffer, you're like a Charlie Theron, or like a Penny Cruz. Ooh! You're like a little Angie Jolie. That's who you are, you're Angie. How are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Can we talk? Okay. Talk. In your truck. Okay. Now that was just right. So how did you make out, super chief? Did you find the missing Goldilink? You fallin' in Goldilove? It's better to Goldilet this go, before I Goldilose my shit. Oh, take your drink, you Goldilush. Tread Goldilightly. So, that's no toecurlin' then? It's impolite to kiss and tell. Nothin' wrong with a little stank on the hang down. Nothin' wrong with a little takesin' out in the trades. A little hizzin' in the skizzins. No, I know there's nothin' wrong with a little goin' to the bone yard, I know that. Nothin' wrong with a little bacon makin'. Nothin' wrong with a little shot twixt winds and waters. A little building the blanket monster. I know there's nothin' wrong with a little pituitary poke. I know that. Nothin' wrong with a little makin' the beast with two backs. Makin' feet for children's stockin's. Testing the tube steak. Look, I know there's nothin' wrong with a little crawl up the skin slide. I know that. Nothin' wrong with a little, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Now just pump the brakes right there. I got a question. Have at 'er. Then I got a comment. Well, let's hear it, good buddy. Now, my question. When have you ever heard a girl go, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Well. Other than in a porno. I don't believe I have. Me neithers. That's because we don't say that. Well. Not unless it's in a porno. Now my comment. You see, the way Dary did the yes, yes, yes, yes, yes's is not the way they do the yes, yes, yes in pornos. That's the way they do it. The girl gets all excited, and she goes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, but the way you're doing the yes, yes, yes, yes's is not the way they do the yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.. It is the way they do it. They go, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. That's exactly how they do it. No, they don't. What they do is they find a superhigh pitch for those first four yes's. And then they come in all dramatic for that final yes. So, it goes a little something like, Yes, yes, yes, yes. And then they get all dramatic for that final yes. Say, Yes! Oh. I don't think that's how they do it. I'd have to hears it again. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Yeah. Yeah, porno girls do that. But only when the porno guys aren't busy finding some superlow tone and repeating over and over again, Ah, fuck. Ah, fuck. I takes a bit offense to that, Miss Katy, as I have a naturally low voice, and I do likes to say, Ah, fuck. Ah, fuck. Exceptin' I don't do it in pornos. Well, then you should do voiceovers for Englishdubbed foreign pornos, Dan, because that was a text book ah, fuck, ah, fuck. Why thank you, Miss Katy. I've never had any complaints from any of my sexual companions about my ah, fuck, ah, fuck.. Let me hear yours, Dary. Well, I. I'm confused still on the yes, yes, yes, yes, yes's. So, Wayne, it's like, uh, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes? See, it's not as if it's a fuckin' question, Dary, is it? You're saying it like it's a question. So, it's like, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. You're gettin closer, Dary, but what you want to do is put a little pepper on the end of it. You just want to put a little pepper on the end of it. Like, Yes! Yes! Ah, fuck. It's like, Yes, yes, yes. Ah, fuck. .yes, yes, yes! Ah, fuck. Like, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Yes! Just having a fight with my hat.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Feels really good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Three praccys a week, buddy? Three praccys a week in SeniorA whale shit, buddy. Half these guys wheel their fuckin' bags into the rink. The day I fuckin' wheel my bag into the rink is the day I stop playing hockey. Afuckin'men, buddy. Why do we even praccy, buddy? Should be rippin' sandos. See me toss the sauce in the skates all night long, buddy? Just tossin' rocket sauce straight into the blades, boys. I don't even know what a tapetotaper is anymore. Not sure what a tapetotaper is anymore, buddy. Fuck tapetotapers, buddy. Fuck tapers. I fired a pointblank clap bomb directly into Barts's chest tonight. Fired a pointblank point bomb straight in Yorkie's junk. I snowed our plug tendy no less than nine times. I snowshowered our plug tendy and that was his own D, man. Praccy's not badski when you're donkin'. I could donk all day, boys. Attention. An amateur MMA asshole asks you to engage in aggressive altercation. Who the fuck is the toughest guy in here? That'd be me. Bullshit. Bopped you so bad in the bean you were beyond assbackwards. No blood, albeit bloody brutal. Clunk. Clocked your carriage, clipped your canopy, caught your conscious with a carefully concocted combative cuffing. Dink. Decked you defiantly. Easy. Ended you efficiently. Fuckin'. Fucked your face up from front to Finland in a fairly unfair fashion unfortunately for females. Goof. So you got up, gathered your goods, guts and gonads, got after the goofy goon, gave glory a good go. Have at 'er. Hucked a haymaker. Instantly. Irked the idiot. Jackass. Outjuked the jerk. Outjabbed the joker. Outjammed the juice head. K. King Kong threw a karate kick that kinda caught you in the kisser. Loser. But that legend lady luck was lingering and you left you with only a lovely little lump on your lip. Mint. But maybe mention you may use MMA, Mr. Muay Thai. Nincompoop. Knees are unnecessary. Over it. Okay, onwards. Please. You outpunched the prick. Outplayed the peasant. Pushed proper pugnacity on the pinhead, left him praying for peace while Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. Quickly. He got queasy, wanted to quit, folks were quoted as quietly quipping he looked like a quirky, quackish queen on Quaaludes. Right. Roughed up the rook. Wrecked his reality. Ruined his rep. Superb. You socked the sucker. Slammed the sally. Secured the scuffle by successfully outscrapping the skirt. Tremendous. You took over the tiff. Outtangoed the tosser. Tough titties on that trade, you twit. No truce. Unreal. Utterly. Violent. Very. Wonderful. Well, whatever. Exceptional. Exactly. Yup. Yup. Zebra? Zip it. Tell us about your date last night, Wayne. Hard to the fuckin' no. Pitterpatter. Oh, I'd rather have a cupafart in the face. What's cupafart? Oh, that's when you farts into your hand and then cup it like you're transporting a tiny bird and release it into the face of an unsuspecting pal. There could be worse things. You're up! Well, for starters, I ran late chorin', so I didn't have time to get the truck washed before I went over there. So? Well, so what if Dad's standing there when I come up the laneway to pick up his daughter with a dirty truck? He'd say, Who's this tit? Fair. And I barely got the truck in park before she hops in there so I can't get the door for her. So? Well, so what if Mom's standing there and I come up the laneway to pick up her daughter and I don't get the door for her? She'd say, Who's this nut tugger? Fair. I couldn't get my footing after the rocky start so nothin' to report thereafter, fuck. Well, you lived to fight another day. Well, I am lookin' for love. Boy, howdy. Like I've been going on dates and will be going on other dates. Get after it. Like if there was a general theme, like, for the next six weeks, it would be, Wayne's looking for love. Could be worse things. Gentlemen. How're ya now? Perfect. Good 'n you? Same bat time. Same bat channel. Eh, shirttuckers? Now, I'd say give your balls a tug, but it looks like your pants are doing that for you. You look like you could lose a hand in there playin' pocket pool.  Here's a poem. Star light, star bright, why the fuck you got earrings on? Bet your lobes ain't the only thing that got a hole punched in 'em. See the muscle shirt came today. Muscles comin' tomorrow? You get a tracking number? Oh, I hope he got a tracking number. That package is gonna be smaller than the one you're currently sporting.  Tall order, Dary. You ever had a cupafart? You can cupafuck off. Hey, Katy. Hi, Dan. Gentlemen.   Seatbelt. That kid's a polished turd. Heard about you and your sweetie, buddy. Heard she cheated on you, buddy. That's a real kick in the knackers, bro. Just a real ouchie, bro.   Wait, does Stewart get points for opening Katy's door? Johnny Cash could have stepped out of that shit box and I'd still say, Why is it not clean? Well, should we jump into Dary's shit box and go to the Ags Hall? Now, I know McMurray's meetings can be a bits of a chore. Even worse when Mrs. McMurray's there. But the Ags Hall is as much ours as anyone else's, and we should be there for the important decisionsmaking. Squirrelly Dan, you'll be snoring within the first five and I'd bet as many bucks on it. Well, I had my coffee today so I will takes that bet. You don't need to shake, I trust ya. It's 'cause I cupafart, isn't it?. That was a very productive first hour and 45 minutes, I must say. On to item number 29 of 39. Yep! It's still item number 28, baby. Item 28 is a twopart item. Huh! Thank you, darlin'. MRS. You're welcome, baby. All right, on to item 28, part B. I, McMurray, motion that the front weather mat be changed, from a Remington charcoal, fourfoot by eightfoot by threemillimeter thick rubber doormat, to a raisin charcoal threefoot by sixfoot by threemillimeter thick ribbed vinyl boot tray. It came in a gainsboro grey also, which is a pale tone of grey. That's correct. It also came in puce. Puce is a warm grey, tonally. Grey tones don't clean up as well as dark tones. Hence, the raisin charcoal. Better look goddamn clean after you're done cleanin' the cocksucker, that's what I always say.   Mmmhmm. Would a member second my motion? I second, baby.  I second so hard. Thank you, baby, I knew you'd second the shit right out of it. Dan!  Daniel. Mm, he's a real deep sleeper. Oh, super deep. Like he fell asleep at the IMAX during Transformers 2. Fell asleep riding the back of a garbage truck one time. Intolerable. Daniel! Do you know dogs sleep for 80% of their lives? You wanna know what? He might be faking it. He's faking it. Oh, he's faking it. I can see he's faking it. Are you faking it, Dan? Look, I can see one of his eyes are open.  Yeah, he's faking it. Daniel! Don't touch it, it hurts. You better cut out all that goddamn snoring before I stuff a cocksuckin' work sock down your skull cave. Keep going, baby. Everybody's listening. Everybody loves you. Thank you, darlin'. You better listen to her, Daniel. Now, I'm sure you no doubt have all noticed that we are down to one dozen coat hangers in the front hall. There are approximately twelve dozen in the rear hall. All standard steel wire, baby? All standard steel wire in a flattened triangular shape. I, McMurray, motion that one dozen be transported to the front hall. K. Wayne. Wayne, Wayne, Wayne. Wayne. Wayne. Wayne. Look at me, Wayne. Wayne. There is a tried, tested and true system at work here. And, as President of the Agricultural Hall, I must demand it be respected. One member makes a motion. Then another member then seconds that motion. Second, K. K is not a second. Well, it's the second time I said K. So you second my motion? You want to know what? I'm all out of seconds, bud. So it's not a second? Well, this is taking too many seconds is what I'm saying. Well, you only have to second once. All right, give me a second. So are you saying that you second or that you need a second? Well, one second. All right. Wayne, you shall be given one second. Whilst Wayne is taking one second. I second the fuckin' motion, McMurray! Now move the fuckin' coat hangers! Well, thank you, Wayne. Let the secretary note that I, McMurray, motioned to move one dozen coat hangers. I'll move the fuckin' coat hangers myself. Can't sit around here all fucking day with my horn in my hands. Got chorin' to do, for fuck's sake. Would the secretary note that aforementioned coat hangers have such been moved. Thanks to a very overzealous beaver. There's order, people, and it must be followed. Concluded! Item 30 of 39. Wayne. Jim Dickins. How're ya now? Good'n you? Not so bad. Wayne, 100% bullshit 'round here. Got a bidder now, one. Lookin' at two. Two, and now at lookin' at three. Three hundred now, can I get a four? Four there now, sold. 400% bullshit 'round here. Well, it's never so bad it couldn't be worse. Worse than 400% sounds an awful lot to me like five. 500%, now lookin' at six. 600%, lookin' at seven. 700%, can I get an eight? Sold. 800% bullshit 'round here. Well, meetings run a Chair long but it's important business so. If someone doesn't do something about this bullshit soon. We'll be at nine. 900%, now lookin' at 10. Ten over there, now lookin' at 11. Can I get a 12. All right. All right, cool it. What would you have him do, there, Jim? If Wayne runs for Ag Hall president, I'll give him. One vote right here, looking at one, we got one vote here, and lookin' to get two. Well, see, now that sounds a bit dramatic to me, Jim. No. I don't think that's such a bad idea. Did that not sound a bit dramatic to you? I'd back that. Well, it's bloody Shakespearean. It'd be usurpin' the throne. I'd back that like a spinal cord. It just sounds dramatic to me. Jim! Tell you what, Jim. I'll think on it. Have a good one. Have a good one, Jim. One little birdie bird flying in the sky. We got two little birds and we're lookin' at three. Three little birdies, now we're lookin' at four. Why do birds suddenly appear every time I auctioneer?. Just a series of bad bounces for a couple of stick and pucksters, bud. Not getting the bounces, bro. Cut from the Letterkenny Shamrocks in our overage year, bud. No victory lap for the Shammy's, bro. No victory lap, ferda. Ferda. And no Katy. KatyKat stepped out. Twotimed. Played around. Caught a matinee. Carried on. You know, I should be mad, but I'm just sort of. Sad. Give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! Not gonna miss playing with Shoresy, though, bud. Always a silver lining, buddy. You know, bud, he's right. Game faces on, it's our first day of senior hockey, bud. Well, first impression's a lasting one, bro. Are you ready for this, bud? Forecheck, backcheck, pay check, bro. Ding! What the fuck are you doing?. What does it look like?. Doing legs. Leg day! Where's Stormy been? I haven't seen her all day. In her pen. Why? She's being punished. Why? She tried to kill her stud again. That's my girl. Why? Well, fucked if I know, Dan. It's supposed to be natural for animals to want to breed. And fucked if those pups wouldn't be as beautiful as she is. She was a beautiful pup. She's a beautiful dog. She was a gorgeous pup. Well, she's a gorgeous dog. But why is she in her pen? It's 'cause aggression's to be discouraged. It's like Cesar Millan says, exercise, discipline and affection, in that order. I'd have a Bloody Caesar. Do you wanna know what? I'd have a Caesar, too. I could have a Caesar if you guys are havin' Caesars. Hard to see a Caesar and not want a Caesar. That's actually how they market Caesars. You should call up Gail over at her Bed and Biscuits. I bet ya she's got some studs for Stormy. Well, better to let the dust settle on Modean's burndown before I bug her. We need a new bar in this town. But why's Stormy trying to kill all her studs? 'Cause they're sayin' the wrong things, likely, just like humans. First line better be a winner. First impression's a lasting one. Like what? Well, to be honest, I've taken to breaking the ice with the lyrics from '90s pop songs. The words are penetrating because she's likely heard 'em before, but she likely won't realize it when they're spoken rather than sung with musical accompaniment. Five bucks says you cannot successfully sell me on this. Hey, girl, give me your heart. Make it real or else forget about it. That's Rob Thomas and Carlos Santanas. K. Hey, girl. I wanna stand with you on a mountain and I wanna bathe with you in the sea. Savage Gardens. Uhoh. Hey, girl, I swear by the moon, the stars in the sky, I'll be there. All4Ones. Well, fuck a duck. Hey, girl, I'll make love to you like you want me to, then I'll hold you tight, baby all through the night. Are you talking to me, you fuckin' greaser? You don't talk to me like that, you fuckin' pud. Argh! I'll beat the shit outta you. Ah! Don't! You're real good at beatin' up Dary and that's what I appreciates about you, Katy. Oh, is that what you appreciate about me? I'll stake 20 to 25% off her over there, Squirrely Dan. Hey, Roald, uh, I bet you have a name for your bong.  Samwise Ganja. Cool. Formerly known as Paul Tokenfold. Awesome. Formerly known as Air Bud. Hey, maybe your next one can be called Air Bud. Golden Receiver. All right, guys, we're outty. Peace.  Peace.  Bye, guys. Bye, Stewart, not Katy.  Pardon?  Huh?  I'll be in the car. Cool, baby. Devon, you may elaborate on your entanglement. And, Roald, your exasperation.  Cool, babe.  Speak! My entanglement is that when that came along, that started happening. Seriously, Stewart what are you even wearing? It's so gay. But you're gay. So what? He's a homophobe now, too.  No! Yes! I was born this way, Stewart! We don't even know where you are half the time. We're going to the Weeknd show. It's Tuesday. No, The Weeknd is here. In three days, yeah. No, I mean The Weeknd is here today. No, it isn't. Yes, he is. Who is he? The Weeknd. Wow! Slightly sexist statement to say Saturday and Sunday are the masculine ones. He's a misogynist now, too! No. Yes! I mean we are going to see The Weeknd perform. She's got you totally brainwashed, man. You don't even know what day it is. I was born this way, Stewart. Ahh! No, no, no!   Did you just stab me with an EpiPen? Pain is good.  Taste three mills.  Oh! Oh! What? If any bees come in here we are so fucked! Don't open those peanut M&Ms, Connor!. Epinephrine OD. Well, uh, Jimmy Dickskin. Dickins. Dickskin, that's what I said. You motioned for an emergency meeting and that's why we're all here. Goddamn Dickskin's cuttin' into my gin and tonic time, that's all I know. Dickins! That's what I said, Dickskin.  All right, well, Dickskin, you can have the floor. MRS. Dickskin. After, of course, we explore the several Agricultural Hall related issues that I have detected within the last 24 hours. Pick one! Well, as I've mentioned, there are several so we will begin with one of them. Well, don't bore us, get to the chorus. Wayne, you're uh, acting fairly curt. I'll be fuckin' Courtney if it gets us through this before Christmas. I motion Wayne assume the title of President of the Ag Hall effective immediately. All those in favor, gonna need one vote. Do we have one vote? Are we lookin' at one? One over here, now we're gonna need two. Two down, we got two. Lookin' at three for Wayne for president and we'll get it over there. Now gonna get four, gonna get four over here. Now we're gonna have four over here for Wayne for President. Can we get five? What've we got, five? Five over here now! We're getting into six. Six over here, feels good over here, now we're lookin' at seven. Seven over here now, can I get an eight? Eight now, can we get any more here?  You shit. No nine, that's all right, for my friend Wayne. Celebrate good times. Baby get along. Sold! This is a fuckin' outrage. You're out of order! This. It wasn't. It wasn't motioned. That's not the right way. There wasn't a motion. Well, you're about to find out how hard this job really is. You're in the hot seat now, big boy. It is fuckin' pipin' hot. Like 1500 goddamn watts. Well, you're gonna run 'er. I love you. I love you, so much. Anything pressing? Back to chorin'. Gotta break the ice here, boys. We gotta get the ball rolling, bro. First impression's gotta be a good one. First impression's a lasting one, buddy. You thinking what I'm thinking? Great minds think alike, buddy. You boys wanna go wheel some snipes after praccy? Wheel snipe celly, boys. Dirty fuckin' dangles, boys. I'm married, you little bitch. Yorkie? Happily married. Scholtzy? I love my wife, pussy. Fisky? I'd fallen in with the wrong crowd, went down a dark path. My wife saved me. Boomtown? I love my wife like I love doing legs. Okay. All right. Um. You guys wanna grab some sandos after praccy? Crush some appies? I'm glutenfree, you little bitch. Yorkie? Fuck gluten. Scholtzy? Gluten gives me gravy pants, pussy. Fisky? Glutenfree, dairyfree, gaseous intestinal byproductfree. Boomtown? I love glutenfree living like I love my wife. Okay. Uh, yeah. What. What do you guys like to do? Winning, you little bitch. Yorkie? Love winning. Scholtzy? Winning red ribbons, pussy. Fisky? Winning hardware, winning gold. Boomtown? I love winning like I love glutenfree livin'. Okay, we really need to pull out the big guns on this one here, buddy. Dig deep. Bear down, buddy, okay? Have you boys ever heard of dinkerball? How about a round of dinkerball, boys? Dinkerball? Okay, I got this. Okay. You see, you grab your dink or your ball. You scrunch it up in your hand and then someone has to guess whether it's a dink or a ball. Dink or ball? You fuckin' serious right now? We don't want to see your junk, schmelt. Put your junk away, schmelt. Uh, schmelt? What's schmelt? So the schmelts want to play games, Yorkie. Yeah, I think we got a game for the schmelts, Barts. You like games, right? Sure.  You're out. Out of what? This. What's this? This. Is not your crew anymore. This is not your life anymore. This is not the weekend. It's Tuesday.  But this is. Not your basement anymore. This is my basement now. And you are not welcome. Are those loaded? Only one way to find out. The great playwright Anton Chekhov invented the principle of Chekhov's Gun. What is the principle of Chekhov's Gun? Ha! If in the first act you say a gun is in the room, then in the second act, it must absolutely go off. In other words, if you're gonna bring heat, you better use it. I'm preheated to 375, ready to go to 425, big boy. Blast off, Major Dongfucker. You schmelts ever played Duck, Duck, Goose? Yeah, with the four to sixyearold group we had at hockey summer camp. What are we, four to sixyearolds, boys? I guess you're four to sixyearolds. You schmelts ready? Close your eyes. Duck. Duck. Duck. Duck. Duck. Goose! Schmelts are gongshows, boys. Schmelts are gongers. This is better than doing legs, you little bitch. Yorkie? Let's do legs right now. Scholtzy? I love doing legs, pussy. Fisky? Stairs. Works calves, quads, glutes. Boomtown? I love doing stairs like I love winning. Let's do this, boys! How many games in this season, buddy? 42, buddy. Do you have any baby wipes? I don't, buddy. There's been. An uprising. K. I'm homeless. K. Wayne. Hard no. If a man asks you for help, you help him. You're gonna work the ground game, then, huh, Katy? If you asked me for help. I would help you. Oh, look, they're comin' land, sea and air now. You can stay here. Wondrous! For a couple of days. Favorable. That's 48 hours, max. Satisfactory. We'll put your shit in the spare bedroom. Come on. Hold it! End of the laneway. Don't come on the property. Rematch. K. Knocked you out. Can't believe you got back up. You come here to throw fists or flap lips there, big shooter? You suckered him. Still knocked him the fuck out. Then he got back up and knocked you out. So rubber match then. We already established that. Unless you wanna do some more talking. Good amount of chinwagging goin' on over there. All right, I suckered you. So we shake hands, clear the air, then we square off. Good enough. You're fuckin' 10 ply, bud. You're having some beers in the barn with your pals the other day. So, have you figured out what you're gonna do as first act of Ag Hall President there, super shoots? You're looking at it, pea shoots. No, he's talking about a charitable act, big shooter. We'll advise you there, shoots and ladders. We'll be your team, half court shooter. K. Like when Obamas became president, he started bringing troops home. Oh, is that what he did? Or when Trudeau became Prime Minister, he started bringing refugees over. Oh, did he do that? Whatever you do, just make sure peoples know about it. Yeah, like you're gonna want to have somebody come down from the paper, take a photo of it. Tweet a tweet, snap a chat. Why? Well, if it's not in the papers or on the Internets, it's pretty much worthless. You know what I think, we should almost be snapping a chat about us talking about doing the charitables right now. Pump the brakes. Now, am I doing the charitables for the charity's gain or my own? Well, you do the charitables for the charity, but the whole point of doing the charitables is that people think you're a good guy for being charitable. Yeah, behaving charitably, you'll have people saying, like, Oh, he's a good guy. Oh, he's a real good guy. Oh, he's a great guy. No! I think you have had too much sugar cereal. The whole point of doing the charitables is to help the charity and to make you feel good, not look good. Figure it out. Yeah, but it feels good to have people call you a real good guy. You figure it out. Oh, it feels even gooder when someone says you're a great guy. You figure it out. You want to do a charitable? Drive into town first thing in the morning, dead of winter, after a fresh snow fall. Shovel a handful of folks' driveways before they wake up. No one does a tweet. Feels fuckin' sweet. Also, it's a substantial core workout, from what I've been told. Or if you're done doing hay for the day, drive on over to someone's place that isn't done doing hay for the day, cut their grass or something like that. No one snaps a chat. Go fuck your hat. Or couldn't you just help them do hay? But gets a photo. You're gonna need a photo. You wanna know what? No one likes a preachy Patrick, but you are pissing on the seat here. Well, no one likes an impracticals Pete. No one likes an unprepared Paul. Or if you're a woman, no one likes an unproductive Pams. Or an improper Pippa. No one likes a pestering Preston. Or if you're a woman, no one likes a patronizing Peggy. Trust me, good buddies, any charitables act, big or small, is an act wasted if your face ain't attached to it. Any charitable act? Any charitables act. Well, then come on, Dan. Let's drive into town. We'll let the dog drop a shit on Main Street and snap a chat of you picking it up. Good? Pitterpatter! Choice work, super chief. Oh, there's your lipstick. Hey, 19! Nice stats, no stats. Scored 40 genos in the dub, onenine. Sixty apples in the O, 19. Lead the Q in PIMS as an overager, buddy. Wheeled my buddy's billet sister. Fucking 200 PIMS, boys. PIMS 200 club, boys. All the light bulbs don't work on the scoreboard, eh, bud? A quiet night in the red light district, onenine. Suck my knob. Drink milk, onenine. What'd they get in a trade for you, tin of chew and a half a bag of pucks? Set of used practice jerseys? Tub of orange slices? Go carboload, 19. Suck my knob, you plug. Hey, Schmelts. You do not get to talk to Mr. Sakic. Mr. Sakic has earned our respect. You have not earned our respect, Schmelts. You do not get to talk to Mr. Sakic. Your first period in the league, Schmelts. You'll be sent down by the second. This is fantasy camp for you. Hey! You think you can just walk into this league and start chirping? Know your role, pheasants! You had a cup of coffee. You're seat fillers at the ESPY's. You're Tiger's caddy now that nobody gives a shit! It's fucking embarrassing! I don't miss playing for that guy, buddy. Always a silver lining, buddy. Give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! The fuck did Shoresy come from? I didn't even know he was here, bro. Hey. All this time chirping could be better spent doing legs, Schmelts. Never skip leg day, Schmelts. Hey, nice work on legs day today. Hey, you rocked legs today, Yorkie. Thanks. Barts, you're faster than the Russian Rocket, Pavs Bure. That is where leg day got you! Yorkie, statistically, Mike Gartner was faster than Bure, and that's where leg day got you. Let's win it all, Barts. Let's win this ship, Yorkie. So, from now on, you're supposed to call the police when you got worm pickers on the property, and not 911. Good? Now that's the business. Except for that, anything pressing? And she's back to choring. One moment! Or should I say motion. McMurray, how are ya now? Good n' you? Not so bad. Good. I will speak candidly here. Go ahead, baby. Everybody's listening. Everybody loves you. All right. The goings on from last week's emergency meeting left me some terrible upset. Some terrible upset. Oh, yeah, the ass pisses all goddamn week, that's all I know. This is true. I have had the ass pisses, also known as p'zazz. He's been making the weakest cocksucking gin and tonics I ever goddamn had. All of these events combined have brought me to one conclusion. I, McMurray, motion something must be done. Something has to be done. A proper election must take place, whereby both Wayne and I campaign for a week to see who will be president of the Agricultural Hall. I second that motion. I love it when you motion. I love you, too, baby. Your motion. All right. Jimmy Dickskin, do your thing. Dickins. Well, that's exactly what I said. Have at her, Dickskin. All those in favor of a oneweek election period, give me one hand up, can we get a onedollar bill, one hand, we're looking at two. Two hands up, give me two, we're looking at three, three hands up, getting to three. We got three over here, we're looking at four. Four hands up, we're looking at four. Four over here, now we're looking at five. Can I get a fivedollar bill, five over here, now we're looking at six dollar, can I get a six? Six over here, now can I get a. Hands up, baby, hands up! Give me your heart, give me. Sold! Majority rules. Election awarded to McMurray. Get on. Get on. Ride that pony. Ride it. All right.  Oh! Good girl. Good girl. All right, we knew justice would be served. Well, see you next week, big boy. That's a good pinch. You still got the p'zazz? It's not shit, it's a blister from choring. Put her there. Have it as you like. Get your stuff, baby. Let's hit the road. I wouldn't go in there if I was you. Why is she standing outside?  Don't know. Why are you standing outside, Bonnie? They crop dusted inside. We crop dusted inside. Super. I crop dusted on the way over here, too. Did you? I did. Very cool. I know. And you're single. How? I hate everyone. Especially you. Couldn't tell. Oh, no? No. Guess I have work to do then. You don't know what work is. You sure do, entertaining two hockey players at the same time. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. Hmm, that's clever. Isn't it? I see what you did there. I smell what you did there. It's clear now, Katy. You can come in. Yeah, why don't you go in, Katy? This has been a lot of fun. Has been? Still is. Oh. Fuck off, is what I meant. We're busy. You're busy? Very. Busy ripping farts in coordinated outfits at the dollar store. What of it? Shut up, Roald. Then what? Are you gonna steal some bikes and ghost ride them into the river? How did she know that? Shut up, Roald. Maybe you could even find a new spot to rip farts in, in coordinated outfits. You know, if you're not too busy. Oh, we have other spots!  Roald! Who's the genius behind these coordinated outfits, anyways? Well, actually if you are interested. Just kidding, I don't give a fuck. Nice to see you, buddy. Don't listen to her, Devon. They wanted you to go to law school. Shut up, Roald! Devon! Devon! How are ya now? Spanking! Not so bad. Are you the creator of Fartbook? I am the sole creator of Fartbook! Cocksucking love that Fartbook, that's all I know. Thank you. Good farts. Now listen, I'm running against Wayne for the presidency of the Ag Hall and was wondering if I could commission you, and him, too, to make us a sort of a campaign video. You are running against Wayne. Cocksucking right, he is. Hurting Wayne hurts Katy. Hurting Katy hurts Stewart. It can be done and it will be done! Make it stop. Make it stop. Okay. Okay. All right. So, look, whatever. Whatever is good. I just wanted to know that we're on the same page, all right? I want it to be a sort of a. Like a good old. Smear campaign. What's that? It's when you run ads suggesting negative things about your opponents. For what purpose? To make yourself look good by making your opponent look bad. Oh, if you got nothing good to say, you shouldn't say nothing at all. You must acknowledge the appetite for negativity in today's world. The misfortune of others, it's become sustenance. You must evolve from your primitive thinking. Do you remember the band Primitive Radio Gods? Had that one really good song? Bet it's on iTunes. I hear McMurray has commissioned Devon et al, to make a video for his campaign. I suggest you follow suit. What sort of video? A spectacle, pure adrenaline, Babylonian. You're spare parts, bud. Tell you what. I'm gonna go into town, mow some lawns. Give people one less chore to do this week. Seems more productive than namecalling. You wanna know what? The dog's in the barn, if you wanna go hurl some insults. You can get your sustenance. He won't know what the fuck you're talking about anyway. Have a good one. Have it your way, shirttucker! (CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES) What is Devon up to? I'm Devon, the director. Okay. Brown guy here. Asian woman here. Native man here. Gail. Please. And the whites over there. As you know, the purpose of this cinematic experience is to influence voters. And we'll do that by reaching as many ethnicities as possible with our message about Wayne, which is. He's just not ready. That's good.  Right. He's just not ready to be president of the Ag Hall. Um. There aren't any ethnicities on the Ag Hall board. But there will be. Okay, but why? Because it's 2015. It's not 2015. And just to really hit home this whole ethnicities thing, brown guy, have you ever seen The Simpsons? Yes. Excellent. Need you to talk like Apu, from the KwikEMart? Asian woman, have you ever seen The Karate Kid? Need you to talk like Mr. Miyagi. Wax on! Native man. You're pretty dialed in already. Gail. Where's my money, bitch? Exactly. And our whites are. They're superwhite, so just be yourselves! Thank you. Where is our gay vote? Tad Roald. Tad. Tad Roald! They'd already put cheese on it, but I picked it off. Tad Roald was too shy to be in our video, but said he'd organize our gay vote. So where is our gay vote?  I am so sorry that I'm late, you guys. Crazy story. My bike chain flew right off my bike but I happened to be next to the ice cream truck. So I picked myself up a little sweet treat. Ha. It's hot out today, don't you think, Devon? Whew! My. No, Glen, no. What? Modesty. Mm. Disappointing. Why does he have his underwear on? I don't know. Where's my money, bitch? You spit on me. You're welcome. Hi, Roald. As predicted, Devon's made a video. The song by Primitive Radio Gods is called Standing Outside a Broken Phone Booth with Money in My Hand. And it is on iTunes. Ah, you're not gonna like this one bit. I might like it one drill bit. And the message is you're just not ready. Ah, it doesn't sound so bad. Yes, it does! So I won't like it one bell pepper. Watch! Hmm. Looks like we got good goddamn candidates here, is all I know. Let's talk about Wayne. All right. Under the part that says experience, it doesn't say anything about ever being president of the Agricultural Hall?  Hmm. That's a hard no. He'd be inheriting a lot of problems. Letterkenny problems. He's a farmer. But has anyone ever seen him do any actual work? Ah, hell, no. I hear he's been cutting people's lawns. Like that will stop the grass from growing? Pitterpatter, let's get down to the real issues here. Being President of the Ag Hall is not an entry level job. How are ya now? Not so qualified. Can we really trust a man who can't even be bothered to wear a belt? Hell to the nahnah. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. He's just not ready. Nice hair, though. Nice ass. Hmm. That's what I appreciates about him. He's just not ready!. Wayne for president of the Ag Hall? He's just not ready. Oh, hell no. Hmm. There's a text from your mum. Cream for your anal fissures is in. Wha. It already has 1,001 views. Slightly concerning on account of there only being 5,000 people in Letterkenny. We must respond posthaste. Two wrongs don't make a right. It's jumped 10 views since we've been conversing! 1,011. This thing's going viral. There could be worse things, Stewart. I can beat Devon's view count. I give you my personal guarantee. And when I do, you won't have to sit through McMurray's pointless, purposeless, aimless, godless, motherless, meetings anymore! There's something in it for both of us. Now that's likely the least concerning thing on your hand, isn't it? All actors are present. Wondrous! Why are they here? Money talks. He gave us 50 bucks. It's like cutting twoandahalf lawns. But we don't even wanna be here, boys. You cheated on us, boys. Oh, pipe down, Pete and Repeat. You were both getting blowies from your big city slams the entire time. Dude, who told her about the blowies? Who blew the whistle on the blowies, bro? You just did. Oh, that's gutty, bro. Shut the back door, bro. Reilly and Jonesy, Katy, are here to help us secure the youth vote. There aren't any youth voters on the Ag Hall board. There will be. Why? Because it's 2015! It's not 2015. Now, gentlemen, since you are such crafty vets of the chirpslashbeak slashcarve game, I've decided to let you improvise. We're really good. Yeah. Wayne, let's start with you. Just, um, look directly into the camera and say something slanderous about McMurray. Kind of feels like I should make sure my own backyard's clean before throwing junk in someone else's. He slandered you first. What, so you think if he goes jumps off a bridge, I'm gonna, too? Figure it out. Dan? Daryl? Please help. Reilly! Jonesy! Let's see what you can do. Okay. Warm up? Yeah, warm up. Oh, sure. Absolutely. All right. . The tip of the tongue, the teeth, the lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth, the lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth, the lips. The tip of the tongue. Boys! Katy? Girls gone wild. It's not complicated! We want to slander McMurray so Wayne can win the election and I can beat Devon's view count. Now, let's try this. Think about your favorite actor and try to channel them. Who are your favorite actors? Go! Kevin Costner. Keanu Reeves. John Candy. Chloe Sevigny. It's easy. Taylor Kitsch, boys. Big Riggins himself. You picked Big Riggins, so I'll take Michael Fassbender, bro. Yeah. But if. If Big Riggins, if he's not available, 'cause he's my number one, it's easy, Chad Michael Murray, boys. Big Riggins is still my number one but I love Chaz Michael, bro. One Tree Hill! Boom! Go with Michael Fassbender. Try channeling that. Choose Big Riggins. You know what? Actors named Michael could really reinvent themselves if they change their names to Spike, like uh, Spike Fassbenders or, uh, Spike Caine or Spike J. Fox. Spike Buble. Chaz Spike Murray? Oh, C. Spike Murray? Let's try and stay on task! Well, now it might be kind of awkward, might be kind of awkward if actors named Richards started going by Dick. Right? Like Dick Gere. Dick Pryor. Dick Dreyfuss. Lionel Dick. Feel like Richard Simmons probably prefers Dick. Dude, he got fucking mad. Well, looks like she's back to cutting lawns. All those for Wayne resuming presidency of the Ag Hall. Can I get a one vote here? We got one over here. Now can I get a two? Twodollar bill. Two over here now can I get a three. Looking at three, three over here, now can I get a four? Looking for a four. Wayne for President for four? No four. Three for Wayne. Those for McMurray reclaiming presidency of the Ag Hall, can I get a one vote here, looking for onedollar bill. We got one over here, one over here! Now can I get a two, looking for a two, two over here! Now can I get a three, looking at a three? Three over here, we're looking at three, can I get a four, looking for a four. Four over here, now can I get a five? Fivedollar bill, looking for a five. Five over here, now can I get a six? Six dollars, looking for a six, six over here! Now can I get a seven? Seven right here, you can tell by the way he uses his walk he's a woman's man. Sold! Majority rules. Presidency awarded to McMurray. Come on, baby. Come here. Yeah, yeah, yeah! Okay. You gotta act classy. Now you're the First Lady. McMurray, Mrs. McMurray, congratulations. Thanks, Wayne. P'zazz is all cleared up and everything. I'm back to my old self again. Glad to hear. Best of luck. Appreciate it. Let's go get a couple of cocksucking G&Ts, that's what I always say. Okay, girl, let's do it. Sorry, I couldn't vote for you, Wayne. Your video really threw me off. Thanks for cutting my lawn, though. I'll return the favor one day. Good enough, Jim. Stewart's YouTube page. McMurray's a piece of shit. McMurray's a piece of shit. McMurray's a piece of shit? Why would I say McMurray's a piece of shit? All right, he's a piece of shit. Hello? Yo. What's up, B? Nothing. Chilling. What's up with you? McMurray's a piece of shit. True. What's up? What up? Yo, who's that? Yo, pick up the phone. What up? What's up? What up?. What up?. Ahh. McMurray's a piece of shit. McMurray's a piece of shit. Message approved by Wayne. Fuck a duck. I mean, this is no fun, boys. Team NoFun, boys. We gotta start giving it back to them or they're just gonna fucking walk all over us, buddy. Yeah, but where do we start, buddy? What the fuck is that, boys? Yo, you leave the house like that, buddy? What's the problem, Schmelt? You got a fucking bush, bud. You got a bush, bud. Who's the bush inspector around here, boys? Bush inspector's sleeping on shift, boys. On our junior team it's a fivedollar fine every game and praccy 'til she's shaved down to the wood, boys. Hey, get that hedge hog off your tummy stick, bud. You're fucking gross, bud. You're fucking gross, bud. Looks like we got a couple of cocklookers, Yorkie. Of course, the Schmelts like a good cocklook, Barts. Oh, yeah, I fucking cocklooked 'cause your junk's a fucking car crash and you can't look away. I cocklooked 'cause your junk's a fucking strobe light. I can see it with my eyes closed! So you were cocklooking. They just admitted they cocklooked. Well, I cocklooked 'cause your junk's a fucking welding flame, buddy. You look directly at it and your fucking retinas getting burned. I cocklooked because your junk's a fucking child walking in on his parents. Once you see it, it cannot be unseen. All this time cocklooking could be better spent doing legs. More legs, less cocklooking, Schmelts. I fucking skipped leg day, boys. Fuck leg day, boys! You are woefully uninformed, aren't you? How? I said I would beat Devon's view count, not win you the election. And guess what? I did beat Devon's view count. Look. Oh, I don't give a care. I've been contacted by Budweiser and Carl's Jr. over copyright infringements, but I don't think they're serious. You wanna know what? McMurray's meetings are a bit painful, but not sure that's good enough reason to get into politics. They're all crooks. Every one of them. Now run along, Stewart, before I get bored of behaving. Well, I guess she's off to chore. Been busy cutting other people's fucking lawns all week. Jim Dickins. How're ya now? It's Dicks. Nope, you got it right that time. Good n' you? Not so bad. I said I'd return the favor for cutting the lawn. I figured there's no time like the present. Can we give you a hand with anything?You're having thirsty Thursday with your pals the other day. It was my cousin's sixth birthday party yesterday. Which cousin? Samuel. I fuckin' hate Samuel. Well, Samuel likes you. Fuckin' hate Samuel so much. Well, Samuel's not so bad. I seen Samuel in the laundry room with the cat one time. You just know that little fucker's gonna put him in the dryer. That's a hasty conclusion. Not if you seen Samuel trying to put himself in there 15 minutes earlier. I seen Samuel snort a line of Fun Dip on his fifth birthday. Well, it's reason fuckin' five million I didn't go to his sixth birthday party. He was doing a Fun Dip dry rip. A what? Or rippsin' a Fun Dip dry one. Well, what's that? Well, in schneef terms, if you do a line of schneef before you've ingested any booze to alter your judgment, it's called doing a dry rip. Or rippsin' a dry one. Doin' dry rips is a pretty good indication you got a schneef problem. You got yourselves a schneef issue. Well, yous ever done a dry rip? Well, back in the day. In the glory days. Yeah, I done a dry rip. I'd a rips a dry one. Not sure if rippin' a Fun dip dry rip would have the same effect, but doin' it is still a pretty good indication you got some sort of problem. Well, hoopin' Fun Dip definitely wouldn't have the same effects, but it's definitely an indication you got yourselves a problem. Well, what's hoopin'? Well, that's instead of taking the drugs orally's or intranasally's, you take 'em anally's. What the fuck you talking about now? Well, instead of down the hatch or up the nose, you take 'em in the pooper. Wait, you put drugs up your pooper? That's the fastest way to absorbs 'em into your systems. Do you mean like you take the drugs with your hand. Well, then you put 'em up your pooper? Correct. But you don't poop 'em out? No, your pooper absorbs 'em. Well, isn't that curious. Hoopin' Fun Dip definitely wouldn't have the same effect as hoopin' schneef. But doing it is still probably a pretty good indication you got some sort of a problem. I guess a Fun Dip dick dinger wouldn't be the ends of the world. You wanna know what? I heard my friends J. P. and J. W. talk about Fun Dip dick dingers one time. Well, whose dick was gettin' dinged? Well, I thought it was a bit intrusive to ask whose dick was gettin' dinged. As long as they're both consentin' adults, it really doesn't matter whose dick's gettin' dinged. Well, I really hope the Fun Dip candy stick isn't going to waste in all this. Do you wanna know what? I pulled my first allnighter with my friend Chad in grade eight playing Pokemans and eating Fun Dip. Oh, waits. If. If Samuel's already been takin' Fun Dips orally's and intranasally's. Yeah, we should probably go check on Samuel. I fuckin' hate Samuel so much. You got any dates lined up this week, good buddy? Nah, I'm gonna put that bullshit on the back burner for a bit, bud. Soft, literally. Parks 'er behind the barn for a bits? Tenply. No. Gotta find Stormy a stud. That's a priority. She's a beautiful dog. Oh, she's a real beauty. No, she's a gorgeous dog. She just tries to kill her studs, is the thing. Well, that's my girl. Maybe you should takes her in for a fingers in the bum. Are you fuckin' preoccupied? That's only the answer sometimes. Squirrelly Dan working' Squirrelly OT. Not all the time. Just to checks. Sometimes. Are you fuckin' preoccupied? Doesn't matter what you takes her in for. As sure as a bush is gonna break your fall, Stormy's gonna get some fingers in the bum. How deep? Fuck's sake. What do ya means, how deep? How many knuckles? Like how many knuckles deep? Yeah, are we talking about a oneknuckler or a twoknuckler? Oh, be at least a threeknuckler to gets to the bottom of this. Oh, see, now, that's too many. Is not. Well, a person's got two knuckles so you're saying that the vet would have to fire a threeknuckler up Stormy's bum to get to the bottom of it? A person has three knuckles. Well, a person has two knuckles. Figure it out. A person has three knuckles. You figure it out. A person's got two knuckles, okay? One, two. Three. You forgots about the little knuckles underneath the fingernails. Well, see now, that's not a knuckle, though, Dan. To be a knuckle, you gotta be able to punch somebody with it. You can't punch somebody with the knuckle underneath the fingernail, can you? Can too. Well, you'll be looking pretty fuckin' silly. First knuckle, one knuckler. Second knuckle, twoknuckler. Third knuckle, threeknuckler. So then by your logic the vet would have to fire a full finger up Stormy's bum to get to the bottom of it. Correct. See, I'm just not so goddamn sure I can stand by and watch the vet give Stormy a threeknuckler up the bum. No, I don't think Stormy would need a threeknuckler up the bum. Well, thank you, Dary, because then you'd think the vet's a bit funny, would you not? Mmm, a person has three knuckles, though. Thank you, Dary. Fuck's sake, go ahead and have a fuckin' fight with your first knuckle then. You'll be lookin' pretty fuckin' silly. Yeah, but when we're talkin' about a twoknuckler, we're talking about horizontal knuckles. I'm gonna stop you there. By your logic, a sixknuckler can be dealt with using these two fingers? Correct. Incorrect. No such thing as a sixknuckler. A sixknuckler existed, I'd know about it. How are ya now, Gail? Good, and you? Not so bad. Got a stud for Stormy. Comes from the Baumgartner breeders. Name's Ken. Ken Baumgartner? Yeah. Okay. You're not exposed to give dogs human names. Can do what I want. Well, sure you can, I'm just sayin' you're not exposed to. Baumgartner's been breeding German Shepherds out in Chemmy for six years. Champion bloodlines. Elegance. Strength. Raw food diet. You got him in the truck? Yeah. Well, pull around back. See if they'll have a go. Okay. Hey, Dan. Do you wanna know how I know about a sixknuckler? Okay. Reilly. Jonesy. You guys been gettin' a lot of ice time? Well, actually.  I'm just kiddin'. I don't give a fuck. I stepped down from your old junior team. Turns out the senior team needed a new bench boss. Real work to be done here. Real men. Turns out you guys have been havin' a bit of a cake walk up here, huh? Is that right, Reilly? Eh, a little angel cake? A little angel food cake with a top glaze? Huh? Have your mom mix up the egg whites and the vanilla? Huh? Have your mom cut it with a knife or a small spatula through the batter releasing air bubbles and bake? Light as air? Huh? Virtually fatfree? Fuck you, pheasant! Come on, man. Oh, Jonesy's got something to say. What kind of cake are you walkin', huh? A little Lady Baltimore? Huh? A little date and walnut loaf? A little Napoleonshatte? Coach, it's not that we're. Cake walk's over, all right, Johnny Cheechoo and Chuck Huddy? Gonna have the boys tossing up sueys up the middle all night, just tossing up hot suey sauce? You know why?. 'Cause you've been skipped leg day? You think you can skirt legs and crack the Czech Extraliga? Huh? You couldn't even crack the HockeyAllsvenska, let alone the Deutsche Eishockey Liga! Fuck! You plugs are gonna learn some jam. It is fuckin' embarrassing! I'm sick of playing' hurt, buddy. Are you hurt or are you injured, buddy? This time it's different. My feelings are hurt. No, feelings are injured, bro. I wanna dust on praccy. No praccy means no game, buddy. I know. I wanna dust on praccy, too. What do we do? Crush a couple sandos? I don't think I could crush a sando right now. But you love crushin' sandos, bro. I know. I'm fuckin' terrified. Me too. Hey. Hey. It's okay. Thanks, buddy. (HIPHOP SONG PLAYING) I'm here for a normal reason. Okay, but sure it's this? Yeah, it's all cued up. And this is their best song? It is. Well, it's the one he knows. Oh. If it fails, it's on you. What? Hey, we got, uh. We got Digable Planets all cued up for you, Stewart. I'm more into Shabazz Palaces right now. Uh, we don't have them. What about Busdriver? Milo? Open Mike Eagle? You love those guys. Hmm? Have any Freddie Gibbs? Vince Staples? It's darker. Young Thug?  Don't act like anyone knows what he's saying, Devon. I've got an idea. Danny Brown. Cue it up. Cue it up. Cue it up. Cue it up. Okay. This gets worse before it gets better, cowboy. Did she. Stormy tried to kill Ken Baumgartner. Well, that's my girl. The Baumgartners aren't gonna be too jazzed about this. Guess we could try his brother Nolan. Nolan Baumgartner? Yeah. Okay. No more Baumgartners. It's not the Baumgartners. It's Stormy. Fuckin' shithead! Gail. She's a shithead and I'll fuckin' say it to her face. I'll say it to fuckin' your face. Fuckin' rip open her face, take out her eye sockets, get right in there and tell it to her fuckin' frontal lobe. Fuck! Fuck! It's too nice a day to get cross. You should try a sedative. What? Are you kiddin' me? God. Oh, my. Oh, this is what we were talkin' about in my women's studies class right here. Let's have a fuckin' field day with this bullshit, that's for goddamn sure. Fuckin' patriarchy. Professor Tricia would literally shit a brick! What's wrong with you? I'm very upset. Sort yourself out. Gail just said she wants to roofie Stormy. No, I didn't. Doesn't sound like she did. If you want to give Stormy drugs to the point of impairments so that Ken Baumgartners can have his filthy sex with her, well, then, that is.  Don't say it. We get it. What about Nolan Baumgartner? Okay, you think I wanna carpet Stormy? Yeah. Sounds to me like you wants to rope her. What the actual fuck are you two talkin' about? Carpet and rope are slang for roofies. Every drug has, like, a million different words. Name one. Marijuana. Dutch. Keef. Dank. Assassin of youth. K. Name another. Cocaine. Uptown. Nose beers. Booger sugar. Stripper salt. Outstanding. Name another. No, I get it. MDMA. And don't say Molly. Who's that? Bombers. Hug drug. Mmm, little fellows. EBaums world. Mushrooms. Zoomers. Boomers. Cracker stackers. Simple Simon.  Better not call me Simple Simon, I'll tell you where to go. Fuck, yeah. I've got another stud for Stormy. Fuck you. Give me half hour. Well, I'll go run 'er. Might help. Little exercise. Discipline and affection in that order. Hey, Dan, do you know another name for Ecstasy is Dancin' Shoes? 'Cause it makes me wanna dance. Makes me wanna hug. I get real huggy when I'm on the ecstasy's. Ecstasy bear. Somethin' about that drug, you know. You just wanna reach around and enjoy the tactile sensations that make up this fabulous world. Wide worldy bear. Yeah, just. Just wanna hold people. Okay, how can I help? Rock bottom, boys. Rock bottom, ferda. Ferda. Boys, do you know I think that there is a reason why you found me. Well, yeah, I mean, you were waiting for us. Kinda right by the door. Okay, I think there's a reason. .that y'all found me, okay? You found me because you need guidance. You're. You're lost. Nowhere to turn. And do you know what I say to those who need guidance? Do you know what I say to those who are lost? Who have nowhere to turn? I say turn to him. Turn to who? God. Can't we just talk to you, buddy? Yeah. Talk to God. Why do we have to talk to God? Why can't we just talk to you? You're right here. Well, I. I understand but we're all saying the same thing. I'm here, I'm the one. I'm a conduit. I'm the one that. I'm the messenger that. Talk to me. I'm your spiritual counselor, okay? You can talk to me. Thanks, buddy. Sick, buddy. All right. So, I think to get to the root of your problem we need to figure out here, together, where did it begin? Sick, buddy. Sick. Boys, where did it all begin? What? Oh, do you mean when? No. Yes, actually. Yes. Thanks. Surprise. When, when did the problem start? Oh, um. When. When we lost. She we do not speak of. Ooh, Katy? No. Yes. Just, we do not speak of her. Then, yes, but, buddy, we're talking about her right now so. We're speaking of her to try to make it so she isn't she we do not speak about anymore. Yeah, I know, but is that even okay, buddy? Oh, my God. Yes. It's fine. It's fine. It's okay. It's okay. I want you to think about this. I want you to hear this and I want you to think about it. I want you to think about how many fish there are in the sea, 'cause there's a lot of them. A lot of fish in the sea and there's a lot of fish on menus and most often good restaurants have a lot of fish on them. And I want you to think, Look at this menu. Have I tried all this fish? Have I thought, do I want fish? Oh, what's this? Oh, this is a shellfish. That looks like calamari, I wanna try that. Oh, you mean like our big city slams? I guess we could call up our big city slams, bro. I didn't. I didn't mean that at all, but fine. Do whatever you want. Big city slams, ferda. Ferda! Hey, it's never gonna make sense to me. Where are you going? He has the car. See? I told you. It's his. Worth it. I gagged. Gail, how are ya now? Good, and you? Not so bad.  You gotta rich inner life. Boy, howdy. Got another stud for Stormy. Comes from the Buchburger breeders. Name's Kelly. Kelly Buchburger? Yeah. Okay. The Buchburgers have been breedin' German Shepherds out in Arva for 16 years. They're outgoin'. Strong. And heavyboned.  So he's in the truck? Yeah. Well, pull around back, we'll see if they'll have a go. Gotta say, Wayne, if it doesn't work out with Kelly Buchburger, you're approaching the bottom of the well. Oh, bother. I was sure you had a winner in Ken Baumgartner. You could always use his brother, Nolan Baumgartner. If you don't want to sedate. I've had just abouts enough of that talks, Gail. If you're past a knuckle or two up the bum. It'd take three knuckles to gets to the bottom of this. I'd say Stormy's just not fit for breedin'. But she's a beautiful dog. She's such a beautiful dog. A real beauty. She's a gorgeous dog. Yeah, but she keeps on tryin' to kill her studs. Well. PitterPatter. My Instagram is just blowing up. Oh, my goodness. Oh! Yes, Katy. To be clear, I wanna sign you. So you're gonna call me, right, even if it's just to talk? I am gonna lay everything out for you. All your pretty options. We're gonna start with a tour of the office. Maybe a lowcal lunch. But you have to come to the city. I really can't do anything here in Letterkenny. So you're gonna call me, right? Yes. Awesome. Cool. Talk soon. Okay? Okay. Hey, KatyKat? Hey, Katy?  Big city slams, boys. Big city slams, boys. Gail, how are ya now? Good, and you? Not so bad. Got the perfect stud for Stormy. My cousin up in Tobermory will be here with him later. This dog is different. Strong, silent type. Hard worker. No bullshit. Fuck, I'd do him. Sounds like a good guy. Sounds like a real good guy. Probably a real good guy. This is the one, cowboy. Okay. You can trust this old goat. So your cousin's coming up later with the stud? Yeah. What are we gonna do till then? Ah, you're fuckin' lookin' at it, super chief. Well, you know, back in the day. Back in the glory days. We'd hoover some schneef. You wanna know what? I feel like yous been working your way towards this for about six weeks. It's been a long, long time since I've hoovered some schneef. 'Cause you were a fuckin' degen when you did, Dan. I was skinny. And here's another thing. You shouldn't call it schneef anymore. I think you should call it schniff. Why? 'Cause it's funnier. I think. It's kinda like that word queef. See, you can have a lot of fun with that word queef. But what's funnier, well, I think, is the word quiff. I could hoover a bit of schneef. Schniff. You ever hoovered backseat schneef? Schniff! I've hoovered schneef off of the headrest of a Pontiac Tracer traveling to SARSfest. Ever hoovered backstage schneef? I've hoovered schneef off of Jann Arden's charcuterie board. I'd have a beer. You ever hoovered boat schneef?. Schniff! I've hoovered schneef off of Theodore Tugboat's baseball cap. I got the NES out for you. What happened to the 64? Six hours Mario Kart. Six hours Diddy Kong Racing. Have I been sleeping that long? He did melatonin dry rips. You did melatonin dry rips? Did you play GoldenEye? Pointless. Everyone has the multiplayer maps memorized. What's on NES? We beat Mario 1. Almost done Mario 3. What about Mario 2? That's it? Desist? You are amiss. Super Mario Brothers 2? What kind of dismantled, bemused, lugubrious motherfucker wants to play that, Stewart? I'm sad, Devon. I know. Do what you must. I will. We will. You will? Mmmhmm. We need you back at one hundred. One hunnid. Zero to one hunnid? Real quick. So? We will get her back. Roald? That better be the duck hunter gun in your pocket. It's called an NES zapper. But, no. I miss Katy, buddy. I miss KatyKat in a big way, buddy. Where have you been for the past four and a half minutes, boys? Gettin' blowies. I just got a squeezer, but still. Ferda. Okay, boys. If I'm Katy, I don't wanna date you. Bro. Bro. Just saying. And if I'm Wayne. I don't. I don't want you dating my sister. I think I know what he means, buddy. But ya don't. I think I get it, bro. You definitely don't. We need to go through Wayne to get to Katy. Okay, I can work with that. Maybe we're on to something. We need to beat the shit out of Wayne to get to Katy? Okay, you don't. You lost me again. Beat the shit outta Wayne, ferda KatyKat. Ferda KatyKat. And. None of it, none of it makes sense. Lord, I tried. I tried. Lord. Lord knows I tried! Ah, there will be no peace in Letterkenny. No, sir. Satan has secured his estate. Thousands below the asking price. Our Father, who art in heaven. Hallowed by Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not unto temptation, but deliver us from evil. For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen. You ever hoovered police station schneef? I've hoovered schneef off a sergeant constable's nightstick. You should call it schniff. Ever hoovered airport schneef? I've hoovered schneef off a Drakkar Noir display at the hors taxes. Well, suit yourselves. My cousin should be here any minute. It's fuckin' tilly time, boys! Go time! Go grab a rake and tidy that gravel you've upset. Are you fuckin' deaf, hick? Let's have a donnybrook! That tone's unhelpful. Tarps off? Sheddin' the tarp. Now, as I recall, that's your ritual before a fight, and my patience is wearing thin, so I'll ask. Are you fuckin' high? No. No. We want Katy back. We'll go through you to get her. Unnecessary as of five minutes ago but as of right this second, you should make sure your shoelaces are tight. Bye, Katy. What does that have to do with anything? What? Air! Ramped! Fire! I've come to reclaim the Lady Katy. Fuck you, pheasant! We've been waitin' a long time to fight you, pheasy? We're ready to defend. So there's a line? If so. I'm budgin'. We should breakdance fight. It's safer. And I'll win. Too much talkin'. Shall we? Oh, shit, I actually do need to tie my shoelaces. What the fuck? Let's get at it! Wayne, this is my cousin. What's your cousin's name, Gail? Rosie. Rosie, how are ya now? Good, and you? I'm not so bad. Should I pull around back and see if they'll have a go? Couldn't have said it better myself. PitterPatter. Wayne? Yeah? I want you back. Oh. Wayne. Yeah? I'm pregnant. Oh. Oh, fuck. You ran out of beers with your pals the other day. What do ya have, some kind of drinking problem? What's the problem, Dan? That's alcohol's abuse. Well, to be fair. Oh, don't say to be fair. I hate when people say to be fair. It sounds like, To be faiuh. To be faiuh. Well, to be faiuh. The bottom inch of a beer bottle is 50% spit. Well, don't be gross. Bugs could have crawled down there and died, too. You don't know. What'd I just say? Well, it's the same reason you don't eat the bottom of an ice cream cone. Not sure how I feels about this talk. What, do you think they check for bugs down there in the cone factory? Fuck, no. They just throw the cones in the box. Figure it out. Can we move past this, please? What, do ya think they check for bugs down there at the cone shop? Fuck, no. They just throw the ice cream on there. Have a good one. This conversation's fast becoming a confrontation. Like, here, have some ice cream and fucking bugs, likely. What do you do with the bottoms of the ice cream cones? Well, you throw it on the fucking ground, Dan. You let the bugs eat it. It's the circle of life. Didn't you never see The Lion King? You know I love The Lion King. We're out of beer. No. No. Beer store's closed. Fuck, do I miss MoDean's. Reason fucking five million we need some sort of bar in this town. Green, blue, and gold? I don't like where this is headed. Yeah, it's the leftovers from the Christmas potluck. We haven't had that in years. A half dozen at least. Well, a half baker's, but that's splitting hairs. Creme de menthe, Blue Curacao, Butter Ripple Schnapps. Now, what the fuck am I supposed to do with creme de menthe? Splash of milk, with three scoops of chocolate ice cream, you got yourself a Frozen Girl Scout. Do I look like the type of prick to have a Frozen Girl Scout, Dary? What am I supposed to do with Blue Curacao? Mix apple juice, pear juice, garnish with blackberries, you got yourself a Blue Bijou. I think I'd rather have a Blue Bijou. There's not enough for two. Says you. Well, what am I supposed to do with Butter Ripple Schnapps? Well, that's easy, KatyKat. Down the hatch. I'd be tasting that for days. What's the meaning of this? I found it in an old golf bag. And why do you get it? It's warm. It's still a beer. Well, to be fair. To be faiuh. To be faiuh. To be faiuh. To be faiuh. He is essentially drinking a bottle of piss right now. Now, you're no mixologist but your best bet here is to mix 'em all together into what you call donkey juice. However, to be faiuh, donkey juice will make you spit. Well, can't win 'em all. Uncle Eddie died. Did he? Dumdiddydo. Well, you can't win 'em all. Mr. Letterkenny himself. Longeststanding mayor in the history of Letterkenny. And you know that snowbird enjoyed the homestretch in Fort Lauderdale. Oh, yeah, just hanging out down there playing crokinole and shuffleboard with his good pals. He was a good guy. He was a real good guy. He left us a bunch of money. Did he? Dumdiddydo. How much? Five K. What a great fucking guy. He was a real great fucking guy. Well, he'd want us to have a party. He wants us to put it back into the community. What a great fucking guy! He says in his will that he's fallen out of touch with the community and he trusts our judgment to give five K some legs around here. Well, sure as God's got sandals. So, how do you want to fuck this pig? Well, you'd better put it on your fucking Facebook. PitterPatter. Let's get at 'er. (HIPHOP MUSIC PLAYING) Faster than shit through a goose. Licketysplit. You've entered the barn, where ideas come to blossom or be ridiculed relentlessly. On one side, two nononsense farmers are looking to give away their uncle's money. On the other, savvy entrepreneurs hoping to acquire it. First up, three degens from Letterkenny are hoping to sell the farmers on their solution for a common smalltown problem. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Katy. Hi, Wayne. How are ya now? Good and you? Not so bad. Say, thanks for the, uh. Well, the thing you did there. No problem, Wayne. Any time. Good afternoon, hicks. We are asking for. Is it true that you have a massive horn? Yes. No. No?  I mean, there's no way that they could possibly know that. I saw Stewart's penis at the Elmira pool on my 11th birthday. Looked like a 12ounce cut of pork tenderloin hanging there. Erroneous. I saw Stewart's penis when we touched tubes, as normal, inquisitive, young boys do, and it looked six pool balls were stuck inside a gym sock, hanging there. Unverified. Told ya. Fuck! We are asking for five K for 66.6% of our company. Outstanding. We want to give back to the community by helping people get sober. Uncle Eddie got sober as a birthday present to himself on his 90th. Which was curious, 'cause he'd come that far, right? I should say. And we plan on doing this by getting the biggest disasters in Letterkenny, and putting them in a room with cameras. From there, we film their friends and family telling them they must halt said disastery, posthaste! Is disastery a word? It's a band name. Quantifiable. Want to know what? It feels like I might have seen something like this on a TV show one time. We've arranged a demo of how this might work. We have? Stewart, you are such a disastery that sometimes you don't even know if it's a weekday or the weekend. It hurts me to see you being such a disaster. I wish you could go back to being only a mild disaster. Love, Devon. This antic was not discussed or rehearsed. Stewart, I worry that your disastery is the result of when we touched tubes as young boys. I think about touching tubes with you and sometimes wish I could go back in time and not touch tubes. Perhaps had we not touched tubes, you wouldn't be such a disaster. Love, Roald. Drollery was to be left on the cuttingroom floor. Anywho. Your idea comes from a good place, but Uncle Eddie always believed that if a man needs help, he'll ask. He won't be told. And for that reason, I'm out. Sounds like touching tubes was a pretty big setback for Stewart, but your pitch was the real disaster. I'm out. So, do we win? No. No. Up next in the barn, these winners of the genetic lottery with no more than an ounce of gray matter between them, hope the farmers get behind their plan for young people in Letterkenny. So, are you just going to do that every time, then, Bonnie? Well, if you want me to, Wayne. Yes, please. You got it, Wayne. Thank you. Good afternoon, Wayne, and shewedonotspeakof. Oh, piss off. You both took down your team's student trainer on her kinesiology coop. How'd she find out about. Shh! There's hope for you yet, boys. We are here asking for five K for 49% of our company. Super. We want to give back to the community by investing in the youth, boys. Really hustle for the youth, boys. Uncle Eddie loved kids. His only shortcoming, really. We want to take the toughest youth in Letterkenny and put them into a house together, with a gym and with a pool. There, they'll work out together while receiving instructions from coaches, Joint Boy and Tyson. They will then fight each other one by one to find out who is, in fact, the toughest kid in Letterkenny. This concept sounds a bit familiar. No, it's a fresh concept, ferda. Ferda fresh. Well, I'm trying to wrap my head around this, so I've got a few questions, here. So, you want to put a bunch of dudes in a house together? Yes. They'll be wearing only gym shorts, as you can see in the poster. And then you'll have all these dudes work out together? Yes, and they'll always be shirtless 'cause there's no AC. It's hot. Then when all these dudes are done working out together, they can go swimming together? Oh, we'll teach them how to wrestle, too. Hold downs, full mount, top control. Throw some booze in the house. They can have a drink together. What are you really trying to accomplish here, boys?. Great presentation. I really love the bulletin board with all the sweaty dudes. You can just leave that here. But I don't think that Uncle Eddie would say, Katy, great investment in sweaty dudes. And for that reason, I'm out. You want to know what? I'm just going to come right out and say it, and you can take that bulletin board with you, please and thanks. This idea's a tad fruityloops. And for that reason, oh, I'm out. What?. Up next in the barn, this bartender turned dogbreeder hopes Cupid will find his way to Letterkenny. Say, Bonnie, could I get you anything? A glass of water, or. I'm okay, Wayne. Thanks, though. Well, if you change your mind, you can just run to the house there, help yourself. Maybe I will run over then. Can I get you anything? Well, no, I'm okay. Do you want anything from the. Hmm. Wet your whistle. No, I'm good. I got some water. Okay. No, we're okay. Thank you, Bonnie. Cool, Wayne. Good afternoon, Wayne, Katy. Gail, how are you now? Good, and you? Well, not so bad. I'm asking for five K for 69% of my company. Why 69? Both sides benefit. Good enough. I want to give back to the community by helping people find love. Uncle Eddie was a notorious matchmaker. And a real fucking legend on the D floor right up till the bitter end. Yeah. And I plan on doing that by putting 20 women from Letterkenny into a house with you, and having 'em all compete for your hand in marriage. Who, me? Yeah. Well, get after it. Isn't this already a reality series? If it is, no one watches it. Well, I'd fucking watch it, boy howdy. I'll have the girls perform campy tasks and complete silly challenges to prove their mettle. Well, that sounds fun. Unnecessary, but go on. Then you'd go on group dates with them and oneonone dates with them. And then you ax them one by one until you decide which one you want to marry. Okay. I'm not sure it's reasonable that he could choose a wife based just on that. I know. Tastes good, but where's the cream filling? Like a Boston cream? Canadian maple's better. Well, that's a Texassized 104. Here's the kicker. When it gets down to the final three girls, deal is, you get to go to their houses and meet their families. See? Now that's reasonable. And then you get to spend a night with each of them, until you decide which one you want to marry. Is that. Does she. With all three? Does she mean. After the. Well, maybe it means that I would have to. I don't want to talk about it, just ask her. Okay, I'll ask her. You want to know what? I got some fucking questions here. Shaboink! Now, when you say I spend the night with three of them, is it implied I have sex with all three of them? Sure is. So, I meet their families. Then we go have sex. I do that with three of them, before deciding which one I want to marry? Yeah. And do the girls know going into the process that I will be having sex with them and two other girls before deciding which one I want to marry? Yeah. Maybe more. And do the girls' families, who I've just met, also know, going into the process, that I will be having sex with their daughters, as well as two other girls who are not their daughters, before deciding which one I want to marry? Yeah. And the girls, and their families, find this process entirely rational, despite how selfharming, healthhazardous, and humiliating it very likely will be? Yeah. And do you say 20 girls, and their families will happily sign up for this process? Over and over, I imagine. Oh, Gail, I don't want to date a girl like that, for fuck's sake. Comes from a family like that. Fuck. Gail, could there be a female version where there's one girl and 20 dudes? Yeah. I'm in. No! Ew! You're out. And do you want to know what? What? I'm out. Okay. Up next in the barn, this husband and wife pair from RR2 Letterkenny wants to go hunting for buried treasure. Bonnie! Bonnie! Did ya feed the dog? Yes! Oh, well, thank you. Jim Dickins, how are you now? Good, and you? Oh, not so bad. McMurray, how are. Wayne, how are. Well, good. Well, I'm good and. I'm not so. Oh, not so. Uh. Not so bad. Go ahead. You, you were first so. No, why don't you go ahead? Oh, I didn't want to be impolite. Just start talking, please, McMurray. So you can go ahead and start. If you're going to go first, then it would be your turn. Just pretend what I had to say wasn't important. You're here to pitch, are you not? Are you sure you don't want to say anything? Jesus, PitterPatter, McMurray! Good enough. Have at 'er. Yip, yip, yip. Now, we are asking for five K for 5% of our business. Okay. We want to give back to the community by helping them cocksuckers get rich. Uncle Eddie used to buy lottery tickets for the seniors at the home every week. MRS. And we want to goddamn do that by auctioning off other people's shit. Bingo. Did you know that there are storage facilities surrounding Letterkenny that are filled with other people's useless piles of their shit, that they have forgotten about? Abandoned it, baby. They abandoned their shit. Abandoned their shit. Now, whose knob do I got to polish to get a cocksucking gin and tonic around here? All right. We have secured the auctioneering right for these such storage facilities with the help of our friend, Jimmy Dickskin. Dickins. That's exactly what I said. So, what we want to do is we want to take people down there and have them rummage through all the shit and then buy some of the stuff and probably, more than likely, most definitely, find hidden treasures, gold and jewels. And I'd settle for a Tom Collins, if it'll get this rig rolling. So, you want to sell other people's shit that they left in their storage locker. Abandoned. Abandoned. Things that they abandoned. But it's a storage locker and nobody's got any good shit in there. You would be surprised. I'm never surprised. Well, you will be once we show you a demonstration of one such storage locker that we have brought down from the tiny town of Tiverton. Baby, if you will. Shall I call you Vanna, for a little roleplay? Uhhuh, baby, you know what I mean? All right, and a one, and a two, and a three, Jimmy Dickskin! Got a beautiful set of DVDs. To start the bidding. DVDs galore, look at that.  One, two, three, four, five. That's $50 guaranteed for sure for DVDs alone. Then we got a VCR. That's a vintage VCR. Guaranteed $50 for that sweet piece of machinery right then and there. Maybe 100, maybe 150. No big problem. What else have we got, baby? Fishing lures. What man doesn't want 'em? What man doesn't need 'em? What man doesn't throw fishing lures all over the goddamn place? Hundreds by the thousands. Five dollars a fishing lure guaranteeing it for fucking sure. So, you got five, probably times 100, probably $5,000 right there, sitting alone in that box. That microwave was probably touched by Mahatma Gandhi. Easy! Maybe even Jesus. The proper thing, I guarantee ya, is worth $100,000, no problem. A bit generous on your evaluations there, bud. All right, 100,000 might be too much, but maybe 50,000. What have we got now, baby? Looks like we got a handyman storage locker, baby.  Handyman storage.  We got corn silk white. We got lavender brush white paint. We got.  Mint. Mint cream white paint! You can cream all over the place! All over your ceilings! You can do them! Come in here and buy all of that paint and paint your apartment and give you $100 cash in your hands. Ya hear me? What else we got, baby? And now we're talking big money. We got the bits. We got bits. Bits coming out of the ass. Twist bits, drill bits, fucking Brad bits. All over the place. Baby's putting them in. Gonna have so many bits, you can put 'em in your tits. You can put in your mouth, you can shake 'em all around, do a little dance, and all kinds of shit. Bits all over the place. You can have so many, you can lick 'em, suck 'em, kick 'em fucking right in. Not for me, though, but somebody else who's into that kind of shit. Each one is guaranteed to be at least $100. No problem there, for sure. $100 each bit! No, they're not. Sure God damn are! No, they're not. Jimmy Dickskin! Dickins! I know it's Dickins, and I meant no offense. I was just trying to get you to stop the. Well, the thing you're doing. No one keeps shit in their storage locker that you can rich off of. Only shit like Brad point bits, really. Yep, see. Uncle Eddie would have wanted me to take this idea and put it in a storage locker, then abandon it. I'm out! You want to know what? Whoever called it the Brad point bit would have done themselves a favor by calling it the Brad Pitt bit. But either way I'm out. That's marketing genius right there, Wayne, but you snooze, you lose, buggers. You're looking at three millionaires walking away from ya in the dust. Have a good day! On the morrow!. Up next in the barn, this southern evangelist turned Letterkenny youth worker brings the sound of music. Bonnie, where'd you get your dress? I don't know. It was a Christmas present. Can you find out? I think so. It's so cute. Thank you. You're welcome. Do you like it, Wayne? Glen, how're you now? Oh, good and you? Not so bad. Well, I want your five K. For what percent? Uh, at 0%. That's the Lord's percentage. Oh, is that what it is? Yes. Now, what I would like to do, is to give back to the community by spreading the word of Christ. Okay .through song! Uncle Eddie was an atheist. Well. Then he couldn't have been a Boy Scout because atheism violates our pledge. You're a Boy Scout? Uh, yeah. Fastest Boy Scout to ever earn his badges in basketing and buglery. Hey, ya ever had a Frozen Girl Scout? Yes! But with three scoops of chocolate gelato instead of ice cream. I'm proudly lactose intolerant. So am I, but you can power through that if you really want to. Wayne! I'd like to introduce you to Milo, Levi, and Finn. Those sound like stage names. Oh, they are. Their actual names are Kennedy, Cullen, Campbell. Those sound like last names. They are. Now I would like to take these boys to Los Angeles to audition for a little show you might have heard of, called America's Got Talent. Now, I know what you're thinking. Why can't you just bring 'em to the local model search and talent show that's coming to town soon? Well, I would prefer to bring them directly to the epicenter of everything. Make 'em superfamous and then inspire loads of other boys, all over Letterkenny, to sing. What do ya sing? Oh, we sing Enya. We sing Enyathing. It's a choir joke. Anywho, I'm their choirmaster but I consider myself to be more of a. A playercoach in the equationatto. Because, I mean, frankly, who wants a trio when you can have a quartet? Ticktock. Okay, boys. Ragazzo! Grazioso. Espressivo. Energetico. Grandioso! Finn?  Well, there was supposed to be an intermezzo, but Milo keeps forcing his falsetto and not accepting the fact that he is a castrato. Okay. And Levi thinks this is madrigals, and will not allow me my obbligato. Uhhuh? And then there's Finn. This is not fucking Glee. Now the soul of the piece is obviously in my ostinato, in my praise him. By the time we get to Los Angeles the piece will begin with a sonatina, it will be accompanied by a partita. It will then accelerando into a capriccio. I will play my third role in the equationatto as the contralto of the quarteto. So? Some people prefer a trio. I am one of those people. And for that reason, I'm out.  Say, when is Los Angeles? It's next weekend! Holy fuck. What? Oh, fuck, bud. What? I'm out. Up next, two barn favorites have a plan. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Daryl. Hi, Bonnie! Hi, Dan. How are you now? Good, and you? Not so bad. Taking a piss? Just a fucking pisser, yeah. Okay. I yacked from donkey juice. Oh, did ya have a spit? You meatsauced. I was up all night, pretty near spitting everywhere. That's pretty near the whole point of donkey juice. Like, you know you're gonna have to spit. Had to call Earl. I called Huey, too. Yeah, I solds the Buick. Oh, did you all toss a sidewalk pizza? Yep. Yep. Yeah. Well, that's pretty near the point of donkey juice. Like, you know you'll have a spit. We are asking for five K for 50% of our business. Fucking serious? Oh, we sees everyone else doing it, figured we'd toss our hats in the ring. You can borrow some money if you want to. No, we've got enough to get by, thanks. Well, we wants to give back to the community by getting jobs for peoples. Well, Uncle Eddie used to always say. An idle mind is the devil's playground. 104, good buddy. Over and out. So Dary and me been making these duck calls and we wants to open up a factory to manufacture these duck calls. Well, see now that is a great, original idea. And, uh, see Dan has a beard and I'll grow a beard, and then the only people that we'd have working in the factory, would also have beards. And that would contribute to our original and unique brand. Unique and original. Yeah. And when we're not making duck calls to contribute to our unique brand, we'd, uh, shoot guns and blows up beaver dams. Oh. Will the beavers be out of the dams before you blow them up? That's unclear. But a dam's got to get blowed up. I'm surprised we're not blowing up beaver dams right now. This is a choice idea, boys. And one that definitely no one has ever attempted before. I think I'm in. What could go wrong? And after we grows our brand and got a followings, we could use our influences to condemn homosexuals. Oh. No, no, 'cause. It's okay because, you know, once we've created our brand, and then condemned the homosexuals, we'll just like go home with our families to eat supper and then hold hands and pray. Well, see now, that's a wee bit of a curve ball, superchieftains. What do you have against homosexuals? Me? Nothing. LQBT is all rights with me. Daryl? Yeah. Nothing. So, why do you want to condemn them? Yeah? We. We seens it on a TV shows. We know. We know. We actually seens it on two TV shows. One was the TV show, what we seens it on, and then the other was a news program about what we seens on the TV shows. We know. But those guys got real popular and they looked like they was having lots of fun so we just figured if we dids what they dids. We could have lots of fun, too. Well, do you still want to blow up beaver dams? Oh, can we still blows up the beaver dams? Oh, yeah, I kind of thought this whole conversation was about us blowing up beaver dams. I'm surprised you're not blowing up beaver dams right now. This idea has lawsuit written all over it. This is the worst pitch we've seen. Ever. And for that reason, I'm out. You want to know what, Dary? You can't even grow a beard. Can too. Cannot. Can too. Cannot. Can too! Cannot! Figure it out!. No, can too! No, you can't. And for that reason, I'm out. But. Well, what are you guys doing now? Me? Nothing. Do ya want to get hammered? Yeah, I'd get hammered. Yeah. I think we're out of beer, though. Beer store's closed.  No! Fuck, do I miss MoDean's. Well, reason fucking five million we need some sort of bar in this town. What did you say when I told you that Uncle Eddie died? I say he's a good guy. The other thing? I say he's a real good guy. The other thing. He'd want us to have a party! Bonnie, thank you for your help today. You're welcome, Wayne. Save me a dance at the next jamboree? Can do. Hey! We all know Uncle Eddie was a real good guy.  Oh, he was a great guy! He was a really good guy! A real good guy. He was a really good guy. Nice guy. Here's to Uncle Eddie. And here's to his five K put back into the community in the most appropriate way possible. Hear, hear! Whoo. This is definitely what he wanted, brother. Did he? Dumdiddydo. We're out of beer. $5,000 worth?. Correct. Beer store's closed.  No! You were crushin' Gus N' Bru with your pals the other day. Pound a round of Gus N' Bru, Gailer. Bonnie McMurray. Thank you, Bonnie. No problem, Wayne. How're ya now? Good. And you? Oh, not so bad. Bottoms up, super chieftains. Well, I'll go have a pee. Mmm, breakin' the seal. I'm gonna go beat the piss outta the little fella. Let 'er fly, Dan. You old porcelain painter, get the fuck outta here. Porcelain punishers, Gail. You got a big number one on deck there, big shooter? Go squirt, little Curt.  Go rock one, Dan. AM/FM urination station, get the fuck outta here. All right. So I'm gonna make youse all proud down by the yellow pond. Yup, I will. Whoa, Dad. Hey, Dad. There you are, Dad. Dad. Hey, Dad. Who's a dad?. You are, Dad! Why? What youse hear? Only dads grunt like that when they stand up. Or sit down. Or come. Over to move the furniture, get the fuck outta here. That was a textbook dad noise, Dan. Okay, youse guys have all been eatin' too many sugar cereals. Don't! 'Cause if you wanna. I haven't had too much sugar cereal. Sit back down, Dan. Why, Miss Katy? Just do it. Okay. How are ya now, Dad? You a minivan or crossover guy, Dad? Up north for some fatherson fishin', Dad? Don't get the kids all riled up before bed, Dad. And, now to be fair.  To be fair. To be fair. To be fair. To be fair.  To be fair. Lots of people emit sounds when they stands up and sits down, not just dads. No, it's mostly just dads. You wanna go toss around the pig skin there, Dad? Can you please drive us to the water park, Dad? Let's go back to Disney World, Dad. Can we, can we, can we, please? Fuck outta here. All right, what's about moms? No, moms would never do that. Moms don't want to age themselves. Dads don't care, though. Fuck, no. Dads don't give a care. It's like, Hey, hon, better go clean up those lawn clippings. All right. Guess I'll watch State of Play later. It's like, uh, Hey, hon, I'm gonna scoot off to book club there, can you watch Bella and Edward?. All right. Just had Field of Dreams PVR'd.  It's like, Hey, babe, I think we should take a vacation without the kids. Sure, Karen,. 'cause I could use more financial stress. Derek, I'm going to the Fantasia Party with the girls. Can you unload the dishwasher? Of course, Susan. I guess I'm jerkin' off again tonight. Youse is hilarious. All my friends is smart alecks. All my friends is smart alecks. Just a bunch of smart alecks. Guess I'm jerkin' off again tonight. See, like, not all dad noises are bad dad noises. So, like maybe sometimes mom might say, Hey, hon, the kids are gone away campin' for the weekend, why don't we do some toe curlin'? And then dad might lean into a real Tony the Tiger dad noise. Like. Great! Sure thing, Bonnie. See you soon. Hmm. What's the frequency, Kenneth? Bonnie McMurray has invited us to a hot tub party. Well, who doesn't love a hot tub party? Dary? I would love to go to a hot tub party at Bonnie McMurray's. Daniel? Oh, I wouldn't miss Bonnie's hot tub party for the world. Youse two should take a deep breath. That's a good way to get hemorrhoids. Yeah, that, or sitting on a cold surface. Now that's an old wives' tale. No, it isn't. No, it isn't. Yes, it is. Figure it out.  She's mine! Let's get these guys a fuckin' Puppers. You heard me say it. Because I heard me say it, and I know you heard me say it. I'm sweet on Bonnie McMurray. Oh, yeah? And how's that workin' out for you, big shooter? What's the problem?  Bonnie McMurray. You're both sweet on Bonnie McMurray?. Yes. You know, I have had a busy winter, but I'd toss my hat in the ring there, too. Did youse do pot today?  Yes.  No.  Why? Well. She's a bit young, isn't she? Well, she's 20. Well, I'm only. Doesn't matter. And I'm just. Don't care.   She's mine! Well, she's a pretty girl. It's just, uh. Could let the paint dry a wee bit there, eh? I'll tell you what, Dan. What, Dary? Let's let her decide. It's always her decision! The battle for Bonnie McMurray begins. Do you know sperms can stay alive in hot tubs?   How're ya now? It's not us. Not s'bad. Did you hear me, shirttucker? All the clown costumes, the petty vandalism around Letterkenny, it's not us. I've not heard about it, it mustn't be s'bad. Remember when I said it was petty? See, we've got our hands full of degens from up country. Okay. You do you, boo, I'll take care of this. Over and out.  That true about sperms in hot tubs? No. But the writers of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles could have kinda run with that if they wanted to.    Roald.  Stewart. How long have we been original NES gaming?. Two hours Contra, two hours Ninja Gaiden, two hours Teenage Mutant Nina Turtles, two hours Simon's Quest, two hours Mega Man 2. Ten hours. Ish. Yeah. There's heat on FAKU after our most recent ruckus. It's best we nest.  We should stop.   No.  No?  What do you mean.  I know what she means. No, we don't stop gaming. No?  Did I stutter?. No, you did not. Too much left to delve. Now, I'm not complaining, but these games are between 20 and 30 years old. You're not. Bored? Far from blase. Wondrous. What's next? We haven't even ransacked the sports games yet. Guilty pleasures. Pleasures, no less. Tecmo Super Bowl.  PunchOut!!  Hoops.  Excitebike.  Blades of Steel.  American Gladiators.  California Games.  But after that. NES Open? Baseball Simulator 1.000?  Paperboy!  No. Let's do something else.  Do you guys like dancing? Fuck it. Let's go.  Hold it. You're not going anywhere. Smells like. Feet in here. Eh? Playersonly meeting. Playersonly meeting, ferda. Now, we're close, boys. We're gonna get that W, but there's still some spring cleaning to take care of before this team comes together. Some housekeeping, ferda. Now. To truly come together as a team. And get W's. Order must be established. And to establish order, we must implement fines. Reilly will be your commissioner. Jonesy will be cocommissioner plus treasurer. I'll be collecting fines, boys. Give your balls a tug, you titfucker. Shorsey. Hmm. You bring me to fine number one. Boys, I wake up in the middle of the night dryheaving at the amount of bush in this room. We thought tummystick hedgehogs were extinct, boys. Shave your fuckin' junk hair, boys. It's disgusting, boys. And Shorsey is the guiltiest of 'em all!  Reilly will be your bush inspector. And Jonesy will be your associate bush inspector. Plus. GM of bush. Now, we were really hard on you guys last year before we were bush inspector, associate bush inspector, and GM of bush, so. We're appointing Barts as Senior Director of Bush Operations. Appointing Yorkie Senior Scout in Charge of Bush Development. First fine goes to Shorsey!. Fuck your entire fucking life, bud. From now on, $20 fine, every game and praccy 'til she's shaved down to the wood. As bald as a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle, Shoresey!  Titfucker.  On to the second order of business. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Boomtown. There are certain things that stand directly in the way of a team coming together. There are certain things that stand in the way of W's, buddy. And if you truly want this team to come together. And if you want this team to get W's. We're gonna need to see your junk, buddy. Don't feel bad. There are junk hiders on every team. But I think I speak for the entire room when I say. What are you hiding down there, bud? Something weird going on down there, bud? Again, don't feel bad. I mean, some teams have guys that don't even shower after praccy, which is worse than bush. But, we see you face the wall in the room when your junk's out, and you face the wall in the shower when your junk's out. You've seen my junk. Let's see your junk, buddy. Pull it out, buddy. Whip it out, buddy. Let's have a look at your junk. Unsheathe it, bro. You ever got in someone's car in your wet swim trunks and had them turn on the seat warmers? No. Kinda makes you feel like you've peed. You know, big brother, that's almost not worth talkin' about. Over 'n out. Ooh. Oh, great! Well, there's fuckin' Tony the Tiger. Hey, Dad. You know what? I got bigger fish to fry tonight. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Wayne. How're ya now? Good. And you? Not s'bad. Any good dad noises on the way in?  No. You know what, we've really got all the personalities on display in this hot tub. Like what? Well, you got the guy who sits with his chin in the water. Sure you do. Then you got the guy who sits with their shoulders out. Sure you do. Then you got the guy who takes up two to three times more real estate than everybody else because they're just like. Puttin' the vibe out there. Sure you do. And of course you've got your edge sitters. That's me, Wayne. What's your story over there, hands? I'm the guy who keeps his hands dry so he can still dig out and light smokes. What if it's an outdoor hot tub? Don't your hands get cold? I'm also the guy who would never admit that sort of thing. What about you keep one hand out of the water to dig out smokes and I'll keep one hand out of the water so I can light them. More hands make less work. You're all right, Rosie. So, Bonnie. What are you looking for in a guy? I don't really have a type, I don't think. Okay, but if you had to choose between someone who was. More big and hairy. Versus somebody who's a lot less big and hairy, but more pale. Which. Which way are you leaning towards there? Like, muscly big?. Yeah. Muscly big. Well, that's generous. Oh, they're in there somewhere. And I like hairy versus, like, groomed or manscaped. But how hairy? I could grow a beard. No, you can't. Can, too. Cannot. Can, too. Can, too! Cannot. Well, I can always shaves my beard, easypeasy. Or evens get a haircut. Let's take about 80% off her over there, Squirrelly Dan. Yeah, sure. Hey, look, bubbles! Bonnie, what are you looking for in a relationship? I kinda like being single right now. Humor me. I don't know. I've never really been in love. Okay, let's get this ball rolling. Wayne. Rosie. What's the key to making this look so good?  Space. Like, distance? Not distance. Although distance makes the heart grow fonder. Just space. Space. So you don't wanna get like. Sick of each other. Example. I like to read, a lot. I like to stay in and read. It's not easy telling a guy you don't want to see him because you want to stay in and read. Let's test this theory. Dary. Say you asked Bonnie McMurray out on a date and she says. I'm going to stay in and read. She up to somethin'. Dan? Oh, she's definitely up to something. Wayne? Must be a pretty good book. Must be like. The Road. Uh, no. Still suspicious of that. Yeah, wouldn't that make you. Wary? No reason not to trust her 'til she gives you one, bud. You know, Bonnie, I had my first girl phase around your age. Let's see it, bud. Is something weird going on there, bud? Boom! $20 fine! Fisky. What? What? Oh, I don't know what kind of pretyke, subamateur hour Teenage Mutant Ninja fucking Turtles organizations you guys have played for in the past, but don't step on the logo is straight fuckin'. It's basic. Don't step on the logo. Live for the logo, respect the logo! Fisky. Then why is it on the floor? That brings me to my next point. Your jerseys. Oh, yo, buddy. You should call it a sweater, buddy. Don Cherry's orders. Don Cherry, buddy. Your sweater never ever touches the floor. Hang up the sweater. Live for the sweater. Respect the sweater. Mmm. Boomtown! You're not off the hook, bud. Do you want us to trust you? Do you want this team to come together? You want a fuckin' W? Yeah! Then we're gonna need to see your junk, buddy. Let's see your junk, buddy. Mmmhmm. You know what? Team exercise? Team exercise. Yeah. Yeah. All right, boys, everybody up. Trousers down, junks out, boys. Lets help a teammate. Junks out, boys.  Is. Someone on the ice, bud? That's our ice, buddy. Hey, don't move, pheasants. So, Bonnie, what has a guy have do to get your attention? I don't know. Make me laugh, I guess. Turn off the bubbles. Hey, Bonnie, have you ever seen It Came from Beneath the Sea? No.  You have now. That was well brought up, too bad you weren't.  Dary actually stole my joke there. But lucky's for you, Bonnies, I'm very funny's and I have lots of jokes. Okay. Hey, Bonnies, what's another word for champagne? Um. Oh, bubbly. If you say so.  You've got a rich inner life. You're funny, Katy. That was funny, Dan. It was almost as funny as the first time that I heard it. Youse shouldn't fart in front of girls. That was my joke, Dan. You stole my joke, didn't you? Don't you interrupt me. I swear I will. Stop.  Stop it, right now! I. Just quit it. Okay, enough! Please. And thank you. You're not so funny, are you now, Dary? How's that book comin' along? I miss that book. Did you hear they're still searching for the Loch Ness monster?. And she's migrated. Ooh. Funny, I thought these were Ogopogo waters. Guess they are. Don't make me come over there, Dan, because I. If you do that one more time. Just. Wink at me again, I. Daniel!. Daniel, stop your fartin' and telling your jokes! Are those jets on autotimer, Bonnie? Nope. Did you press the button again, Katy? Hard no. Over and out. Who's that? What's that? Tanis. What's a Tanis? Well, aren't you a little bundle of sass. You better watch your little tongue before I flick you with my womanhood. Did your balls drop finally, Skiddo? Feel a little fur on your nut sack? 'Cause that is the only logic I can think of behind why you chodes would terrorize this whole town knowing that Wayne would think it was us. Although I am a selfadmitted glutton for punishment. It never crossed my mind. I will wipe that smirk off your face like pixie dust over there wipes your little asshole. It was just once! I.  Hey! No, you were passed out.  I was. I said stop it! I was just trying to help. All right, I need to get to the bottom of this first. What, do you, like, hang out with these losers? Which losers? Peter Pan and Tinker Bell. They're giving you drugs, aren't they? What makes them losers? Trust me, tart. You don't want me to answer that. Tart? That's what I said. Tart. Intriguing. What is? Well, the psychology at work here. Yeah, fuckin' right. It's called intimidation. No, it isn't. It's called projection. Okay, it didn't take me very long to realize I don't like you. My mother's a psychologist.  'Kay. You harbor guilt over your promiscuous impulses so you can call me a tart. That's projection of the sexual feelings you're attempting to hide. Poorly. For who? For Stewart. You like Stewart? No! And you two. You call my friend Roald here, Tinker Bell and pixie dust because you're uncomfortable with your own sexualities. His open homosexuality makes you feel even more uncomfortable. That actually kind of makes sense. No, it doesn't! Yours kind of makes sense. No, it doesn't. Let's try an exercise. Hug Roald. See how it makes you feel. You might be surprised. No! No. Roald, help them out. Encourage them. Like. Like, I hug them? A big hug. Can I be in the middle? Ugh! It may be distressing at first, but you owe it to yourselves to try. You could be so happy. Uhhuh. We should try, too, Tanis. Fuck, no. I'm warning you, Skiddo. Whoa! Second warning. All right. Do damage, boys. Let's go! Oui. Alors. Tart. I'll be back. Oh, you're the best, Gae! Artistry. Virtuosity.  An undocked dismantlement of the decrepit. Fuckin', eh. Was all that true? Is your mom really a psychologist?. Yes, she is. And we're going home. Gae? Tyson? Joint Boy. You guys can play? Boys, hockey's 50% mental and 50% being mental. I'm mostly just mental. I'm still not sure that's PC, buddy, but. Bas McRae! Buddy. We've spent the entire season trying to bring the team together. And get W's, buddy. Maybe the entire time. We just needed to add some grit, buddy. A little sandpaper, ferda? Boys, how would you guys like to play for the Letterkenny Irish? How would you boys like to get a fuckin' W? I'm no stud, but I can sure as hell make some room out there for you boys. I'm dog shit. But I can beat the fuck out of 95% of the population on Earth. Wheel, snipe, celly, boys! Follow us. . Nice. What's goin' on here, boys? Is this a hazing ritual? Boomtown!. Mmm. Okay. Modest. Nothing weird going on. No weird jhook, ferda. No mutant, bobblehead turtleneck. No weird long snout anteater. No disfiguration or discoloration, ferda. Healthy. That's modest. Great dick, Boomtown. Boomtown? You've just helped this team come together, buddy. Feel good about that. And these guys are going to help us get that W. If. Boomtown. Is that okay with you? Boomtown? Let's do this, boys!  . Whoa. Whoa. Whoa! Whoa! Put your junk away, boys. We didn't sign up for a sword fight, boys. It's gross. Well. Congratulations, degens. Your jokes just cost us company. Rosie did say she was missing her book. Yeah, she's up to something. She's up to somethings. Regardless. Full transparency, Bonnie. You have a number of interested parties in here. I've gathered that. So. Where do your interests lie? Well, Daryl. No!. No! You're muscly, big. Yeah. That's generous. Kinda. Dan. No!. No! You're hairy, which I like more than groomed or manscaped. And I can always shaves my beard. And Katy. No!. No! You make me laugh. And we haven't even started tickling yet. But. I like being single. No! Because then you can fool around with whoever you want and not get in trouble from anyone. Ah!  What? Oh, I'd be in trouble. I'd be in troubles. I'd be in big trouble. From who? Wayne? Yeah? Thanks for not turning the seat warmers on in your truck. Kinda makes you feel. Like you peed? Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. Yeah. And funny. I didn't want to admit it 'cause there's. Such a thing as an inappropriate. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for a wonderful day. Will you be reading tonight? Yeah. I hope you'll enjoy your book. After we make some dad noises?. Great!You were havin' breakfast with your pals the other day. Fuck were youse drunk last night. You know, I can't stand it when you guys get really, really, really drunk. Wasn't s'bad. It was s'goddamn bad. You get super annoying when you're really, really, really drunk. Right, scary Dary? Please leave me alone. Pushing your nipples against everyone all night? And what about you, madman Dan? Or should I say, Legend of the Wind? It's Squirrelly Dan, Miss Katy. Challenging everyone to a foot race? Get real. Please stop shouting at me, Miss Katy. And let's not skim over Wayne the Pain. Mind your own beeswax, Katy. You have the most annoying fuckin' laugh on planet fuckin' Earth, when you get really, really, really, drunk. Clean it up! There's a new addition to the Squirrelly Dan famdamly. I've seen that in the paper. What's the scoop there, big shooter? Well, Samuel's. I fuckin' hate Samuel. He's a Big Brother's now. Oh, I fuckin' hate Samuel so much. Well, that's interesting, maybe make Samuel straighten up, fly right there. That's what I said. Youse did pot today, didn't ya's. No. 'Cause youse are talkin' like youse did pot. Why? Because that logic is Titanic on the ocean floor busted. Why? Well, it's like when a celebrity gets all fucked up on snooters and such. They think that the solution to sortin' themselves out is to get a puppy. What's wrong with a puppy? Well, I'm just sayin', doesn't it seem more appropriate to sort yourself out before bringing a beating heart into your own home, rather than relying on that beating heart to sort yourself out? Snooters and such. Uh, hmm, I had my go with snooters and such. Small town spawn snooters and such. Degens do snooters and such. Over and out. I'd have to agree. I think it's differents for Samuel's, he's just a sixyearsold with a penchants for mischief. Someone needs to hit that kid. I thinks for a sixyearsold introducing a little brother's into the mix might just be what he needs to inspires him to sort's himself out. I have to agree. It's like Samuel who's introducing a little brother to himself to sort himself out. It's different than like a celebrity introducing a puppy to sort himself out after snooters and such. And my cousin says the baby is very smart. Pump the brakes? I'll soft pump. What's the stupidest thing you ever heard in your life? I would like to say, but it's impolite to talk politics at the breakfast table. I'd also likes to say but it's impolite to talk religions at the breakfast table. Well, mine is neither politics or religion so I will say, the stupidest thing I ever heard in my life, is that a baby is smart. Well, hold your horses there, big shoots. My Aunt Nancy works at the nursery down at the hospitals and she says I was the smartest baby she ever did see. Your Aunt Nancy said that I was destined for constant confusion. Are you saying my Aunt Nancy is stupids for saying such things? I love your Aunt Nancy. I owe her a great deal for my personal growth as a young man. I even call her my Aunt Nancy. Please tell her I said hello. I will, good friend. But what, seesuckin', so to speak, makes a baby smart? Well, she says I was always reachin' out for things in my surroundings. And that made you a smart baby? Allegedly's. Okay, Dan. Okay, okay, Dan. Okay, hold your thumb out. I'm gonna be a baby. Ehya. Now what about that suggests I ought to be buildin' rocket ships for NASA in outer space? Your Aunt Nancy said that a baby who shows signs of excitement before it's able to verbally communicate is a sign of intelligence. Aunt Nancy said signs of stimulation. Well, 'cause that means that they're already getting excited about their surroundings. A baby is stimulated by their surroundings. Okay, Dary, okay. Okay, Dary, yeah, okay. Go wideeyed stick your tongue out. I'm gonna be a baby, okay? I'm gonna show you signs of excitement slash stimulation. No but, Dary, like. Like make the sound like you're doing it to a baby. Ehya. Now what about that suggests that I ought to be navigating unchartered neurological pathways in the brain? I expose nothin'. Yeah, realistically. Furthermore, in the midst of excitement slash stimulation, that razor sharp baby is likely to drop a shit in its pants. Unable to control its own bodily functions but smart as a whip, Dan. Imaginable's, but I wouldn't say likely's. Hmm, it's possible. Okay, Dan, okay. Okay, Dary, Dary, okay. Dan, hold your thumb out. Dary, go wideeyed, stick your tongue out, and coo like you're doing it to a baby. I'm gonna be a baby, okay? Clean it up! You suppose you could make the same argument for a dog, but at least you don't have to wipe a dog's poopy bum, do you? What is this buttfuckery? Had a rowdy crowd in last night, boys. Where the fuck from?. Up country. Degens. Fuck! In degens. Offered 'em sex in exchange for peace. No takers, so it's safe to say they were gay degens. Well, we'll just let you runs with that there, Gailer. Look, we've all had a runin with degens from up country. But we figured out a solution. All you have to do is employ the Ginger and Boots to be your bouncers. Degens won't wanna a whiff of this place. Choice idea, Daryl. Also go ahead and change the name of my bar from MoDean's 2 to Ostrich Fuckers while I'm at it. Crazier things have happened. Besides I'm bringin' in my own bouncer. Oh, is he single? You've had a busy winter, Miss Katy. Get after it. Who's that? My cousin Bradley. Ah, Bradley! I fuckin' love Bradley. I love Bradley so much! I'm one, I'd go as far as to say I love him, too. I love his pecs. Nobody loves Bradley more than Rosie. Like, I'm not really one for, like, being touched or anything like that, but then like, he'll be huggin' you and her huggin' me, it'll be like a little bit different. Like. Well, like it's okay. I'm his secondfavorite cousin. He's always saying, God bless you. And, you know, I'm not really a religious guy's, but when he says it you feel good, like. Like I can feel the warmth. Rosie's his favorite cousin. And he does the best impersonations, too. Like so many of 'em. Like he could do it professionally. He could do me professionally. Hey, can't forget about the lowbones. Oh, youse can's never forget's about the lowbones. I hope this is what I think it is. What's lowbones? Well, lowbones is basically like if somebody's saying something, and you agree with them, that means give them lowbones. You can also use lowbones to say hellos or goodbyes. Do you wanna know what? Here's what lowbones is, I can tell you what lowbones is. Lowbones is when you hold your knuckles below your waist like this and bang knuckles with somebody. Except don't look the person in the eye or in the knuckles when you bang knuckles with them. Almost like you don't give a care. And then you say somethin' positive under your breath upon bangin' of the knuckles. Like, uh, Hell yeah, fuck it. Or, uh. Yeah, man, you rock. Like, everybody get in here for a second. Just pretend, like, I just got here and I'm gonna show you what lowbones are. Hey, everyone, I just got here. You rock. Fuck yeah. Yeah, but 'cept you gotta say it more under your breath than that. Like, everybody get in here, pretend like I'm leaving. Okay, guys, I'm gonna leave now. Something about the best part about Bradley is. But we all know what the best part about Bradley is. Bradley is a fuckin' killer. Oh, like, Bradley will fuckin' kill you. Like, Bradley knows his ways around a headbutts and that's for GD sure. Not sure that's the best part about Bradley. When does Bradley get here? Should be here any second. Well, then we'll all wait here at the bar and greet him. I love Bradley. I love Bradley so much. Do you wanna know what? I'd go as far as to say I love him, too.  . Okay boys, it's the final game of the campaign. Final chance for one W. Sixty hard miles, boys. Fore check, back check, pay check, boys. Now, Joint Boy. Tyson. You guys may be what this team needs to finally come together. You guys might be the final piece. Ferda. We've reserved the two toughest numbers in hockey for you. Joint Boy, you'll be wearing number 28. Domi, Godard, Stock. Three of the toughest players wore number 28. Don't forget Colton Orr. Thanks, boys, it's an honor. Pretend Boogaard wore it. That is a fuckin' honor. Tyson. You'll be wearing the toughest number worn by the toughest allaround player to ever lace 'em up. Number nine. Gordie Howe, boys. Gordie mother fuckin' Howe, boys. Mr. Hockey.  Mr. Elbows. Creator of the Gordie Howe Hat Trick, boys. One geno, one apple, one tilly. Thanks, boys. Greatest all round player in the history of the show, Mr. Hockey. Gretz is the best player in the history of the show. Give your balls a tug. Gretz is the best. We didn't mean any disrespect to 99. We said Gordie Howe was the best allround player. Gretz holds or shares 61 records in the show, you piece of shit. Don't nickel and dime the Great One. But Mr. Hockey. Suck my Mr. Cockey, you fuckin' loser. Hey, hey, hey. There's more important things, like this team coming together. You're right. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Tell your mom I drained the bank account she set up for me. Top it up so I can get some fuckin' KFC.  Fuckin'. Hey, there's more important things. More important things. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom loves butt play like I love HaagenDazs. Let's get some fuckin' ice cream.  Boys! We've come a long way. Overcome adversity on our quest to finally come together as a team and get one W. Bulldozed speed bumps, boys. You're right, we've conquered. For example, puck bunnies, you little bitch. Yorkie? Chirping from the bench 101. Scholtzy. Don't step on the logo. Pussy. Fisky. Sweaters never touch the floor. Boomtown. Presenting my penis to my allmale teammates in hopes that they will accept me. And then having my penis called modest, with my allmale team further coming together as a result of seeing my penis. That's the big picture. What? Why do they talk like that? I wasn't finished! Boomtown! Keeping the big picture in mind, and despite all your honest opinions, which I do appreciate, you could have called my penis the big picture. That would have been a thrill. Boomtown. Let's get this fuckin' W boys! It's the last game of the season, pheasants. We'll get this W tonight, or I send one of these sailing with this bad boy on my foot! Think of the destruction! Think of the carnage! Think of the good men left behind.  Toilet was backed up so I had to shit in there, too, titfuckers. I'm gonna get that plug, buddy. We have to do something about that pilon, buddy. How's that for motivation?. Hey, Reilly, I made a oopsy, can you ask your mom to pick up Jonesy's mom on the way over to my place? I double booked them by mistake, you fuckin' loser. That guy's a masterpiece. So, this is. Goodbye? Lyric from the Moby track Porcelain. Roald. (HIGHPITCHED) Stewart. Why don't we call it, adios. Actually, I'd prefer if we don't call it that. Long story, but this girl I kind of used to date used that word when she dumped me, and she broke my heart. Then we'll call it sayonara. Arrivederci, amore. Ciao. Shalom. Auf wiedersehen.  Roaldy. Gae. Roald. Stewart. This is what we've been working towards, remember? We did it.  I. I like you. You, you, you, and I don't want you, to go, oh, oh. Roald. Stewart. Connor. Darien. Hysterics are fruitless. Tears are valueless. Pain. Is inevitable. That's my mom, she's such a twat. Give me three good reasons why you fell you must rebel. I hate the world.  I hate my parents. . And I hate myself. As you were. No, no, no, no! I don't understand!. He's so close I can smell him. I'm about to slide right off this chair, boys. That libido works harder than soldiers stacking sandbags for a flood. That's a Texas size 104, Gailer. First the models. Some talk around town about some business in Bonnie McMurray's hot tub. Even heard something 'bout you and a couple of French dudes. You've had a busy winter, you old goat. I have had a busy winter. But I mean, like French guys, am I right? Hello, hello.  Bradley! Haha! Oh, bless up! I can't believe. I can't believe. I haven't seen y'all in forever. Chris Rock! Daryl, I see you over there. You want a hug, I see you. Uh huh. I see you, looking' at me. I want a hug, yeah, I want a hug. Let's have a hug now, gimme a hug. A hug, gimme a hug now. Eddie Murphy! You're so funny, Bradley. We missed you so much, Bradley. God bless you, boys. Thank you, Bradley. Thank you so much, Bradley. What up, Katy? It's a slip and slide over here, boys. And you, my second favorite cousin. What up, cousin? What up, cousin? I got a Haitian taco recipe mom wanted me to pass along. Yeah! I prayed for you after MoDean's burned down. He listened. Props to you and him for getting' this place back on its feet. Thanks, cousin. You know what we say. Our lips to God's ears, right? Well, we don't actually ever say that, just you. But you're a great guy, Bradley. So good to see you guys. Hey, Bradley? What's up? Can you, uh, can you do. Do your Michael Jackson impression for me? Uh, I haven't seen you all in so long. I'm sorry. I get emotional. Tito, get me a tissue. That was actually an Eddie MurphyMichael Jackson hybrid. It was a hybrid. Oh, you're so funny, Bradley. Oh, yes, you smell like sandalwood, Bradley. Seriously. Love. That's what's up, that's what's up. So, got a problem with the degens from up country? Yeah. Always got a problem with degens from up country. Lots of hard work dealing with degens from up country. Degens are a problem in Letterkenny. Yes. Well, not no more. Bradley's in town now. That's what's up.  That's what's up. Seriously, straight up, you guys are offduty for the night. Oh, I need a lifeguard on duty right now, boys. Heard through the grapevine, you guys have been putting in OT with these degens. Double OT. That's what's up.  That's what's up. That's what's up. You've all got the night off. Do you hear me? From this day forth I'm on degen duty for the foreseeable future. Denzel Washington! Well, anything we could do to help, though, Bradley. Oh, we'd loves to help you, Bradley. Seriously, Bradley, anything we can do to help. I want you guys to get out and relax and have a good time. Enjoy yourselves and get really, really, really drunk. Oh, pump the brakes. Hey, I'll soft pump. You sure you know what you're signing up for there, big shooter? I think they've earned it. Little bit. Little bit. Oh, Robert De Niro. Okay, but fair warning. They get super annoying when they're really, really, really drunk. I don't care, man! Gentlemen, you've kept watch of this town for long enough, man. Tonight I want y'all to get out and have some fun, man. And I will accept nothin' less than really, really, really, really, really, really really, really drunk. Get out!  Chris Tucker!. That's what I'm talkin' about. Oh! Well, if it isn't my favorite cousin. Waz up, cousin? Hi, Bradley. Yeah. Hey, Wayne, have you been, uh, taking good care of her, Wayne? Can confirm. All right, God bless, that's what's up. Gail? Who's that? Go over and see for yourself. And where did you come from? Glen? Oh, hi, Katy. Is Wayne here with you? Ooh, there he is, hi, Wayne! I love this, we're twins. Uh, busy winter's over. Is that fuckin' joker wearing number 99, bud? This is our chance to make it up to Gretz, bud. Hey, 99, you fuckin' loser. Are you fuckin' serious nines? How dare you wear that number, you piece of shit! That's the Great One's number, you fuckin' donkey. Think you're Gretzky, you piece of shit? Gretz probably smashed your mom in the '80s, bud. I'll get the white tape out and turn those double nines into double zeros. You're a fucking nobody. Fuckin' serious nines? When's Mess get here, bud, you're fuckin' hilarious. When's McSorley get here, you fuckin' plug. Suck my knob! What a fucking piece of work, right? Piece of shit. The fucking audacity. Look at that fuckin' masterpiece, boys. I'd master that piece, boys. Look at those legs go up and make a complete fuckin' ass out of themselves. I'd wear that out, boys. Holy fuck, would I love to get sticky with her. Stick me right to her, boys. Fuckin' Shoresy, buddy, I'm ready to pop. Already starting to snapcrackle, buddy. We gotta get focused, buddy. W's. Who brought the fuckin' rocket, boys? Those billet sister's a fuckin' rocket boy. But she looks cold. I'll show her my warm front. Hey, you look mad. I'll give you a bone to pick. Wait a second. Tyson, make some room for us on the bench. Joint Boy. Beat the shit outta that guy. Give your balls a tug, you tit. That experiment worked wonderfully, buddy. Worth their weight in gold, buddy. Whew! I'm right on the edge, bud, but gotta stay focused. I'm ready for a tilly, buddy. W's. W's. W's. Who brought the fuckin' rocket, boys? Who's billet sister's a fuckin' rocket, boys? Yup! Yup. Yup. Yup. Oh, that was awesome, Bradley. Know what, Bradley? We should totally have a race. You know what they used to call me in high school? Wheels. Bradley, do Bill Cosby. I would like to talk to you about Pudding Pops. All right, that's enough. You're so funny, Bradley. Look how fast he goes. Why don't you guys go play some Buckhunter. I'll race you over to the Buckhunter machine. I'll surprise you. How does that sound? Anyone else feeling. .wayward? (HIGHPITCHED) Stewart. Lacking? Stewart. Mislaid?. Stew. Stewart don't. We mustn't marinate in our own misery and misfortune. We mustn't bask in our own bad luck and bitterness. We mustn't soak in our own suffering and sorrow. Gae wouldn't have wanted that. But. What would Gae do? WWGD. Yeah. Gae would do one more. One more rampage. One final flaunt for fuck you. Roald. Are you in? In, Stewart. Connor, are you in? Darien? Are you in? Wondrous! Roald?. Stewart. How cold is it?. I'll check it out. It's minus 24. Bummer.  Stewart. This is a fool's errand. What? Wasted labor. Thwarted? Pointless. It's really cold. It wouldn't be any fun without Gae anyway. She was an invigorment. What do we do now? What we always do, Roald. Copious amounts of hard drugs.  That was fuckin' epic, boys! I can't believe they called the game, boys! Zerozero for the good guys, boys! I'll take a good fight over a W any day, you little bitch! Yorkie. Lay beats, fill seats. Scholtzy. A good brawl brings a team together. Makes us one, pussy. Fisky. Proof we'd go to the wall for each other, boys. That's brotherhood! Boomtown! Showing you all my penis was degrading and humiliating. Had I known I could have just tossed the mitts to bring the team together, I would have chosen that route. You're fuckin' weird, bud. Fuck is he a weirdo.  Boomtown. But, the team came together. And that's a fuckin' W, boys! I have never been less embarrassed in all my life. They are fuckin' embarrassing! Jonesy, Reilly. You have a visitor! What? Thanks, boys. For what, KatyKat? For the what, KatyKat? For sticking up for me. Ferda. I want to get back together. But just with one of you. God bless you, man, but you better stop it with that nipple shit. From your lips to God's nips, Bradley. Bradley, do your Chris Tucker again. That's the best one. Wayne, I would but your laugh makes me want to strangle a small motherfuckin' dog!  Hey, Bradley, we should race right now. Really. No Dan, no. What? You gonna race me. You hear the Legend of the Wind? I ain't scared of a goddamn thing! Bradley, do your Denzel Washington again. That's the best one. We'll go fast around the bar, real fast. Bradley do your Will Smith again, that's the best one. You and me Bradley, 50 meter dash. Let's go right now.  Okay, 50 meters too far. I get it. Twentyfive meters. It's not so far.  Hear the wind? That's a wind, knocking on your door, Bradley. Bradley? Wayne? That's Bradley's favorite cousin. Trouble in paradise, shirttucker? Ha! Wayne. Please, no. No one loves Bradley more than Rosie. You were crushin' Gus N' Bru with your pals the other day. Pound a round of Gus N' Bru, Gailer. Bonnie McMurray. Thank you, Bonnie. No problem, Wayne. How're ya now? Good. And you? Oh, not so bad. Bottoms up, super chieftains. Well, I'll go have a pee. Mmm, breakin' the seal. I'm gonna go beat the piss outta the little fella. Let 'er fly, Dan. You old porcelain painter, get the fuck outta here. Porcelain punishers, Gail. You got a big number one on deck there, big shooter? Go squirt, little Curt.  Go rock one, Dan. AM/FM urination station, get the fuck outta here. All right. So I'm gonna make youse all proud down by the yellow pond. Yup, I will. Whoa, Dad. Hey, Dad. There you are, Dad. Dad. Hey, Dad. Who's a dad?. You are, Dad! Why? What youse hear? Only dads grunt like that when they stand up. Or sit down. Or come. Over to move the furniture, get the fuck outta here. That was a textbook dad noise, Dan. Okay, youse guys have all been eatin' too many sugar cereals. Don't! 'Cause if you wanna. I haven't had too much sugar cereal. Sit back down, Dan. Why, Miss Katy? Just do it. Okay. How are ya now, Dad? You a minivan or crossover guy, Dad? Up north for some fatherson fishin', Dad? Don't get the kids all riled up before bed, Dad. And, now to be fair.  To be fair. To be fair. To be fair. To be fair.  To be fair. Lots of people emit sounds when they stands up and sits down, not just dads. No, it's mostly just dads. You wanna go toss around the pig skin there, Dad? Can you please drive us to the water park, Dad? Let's go back to Disney World, Dad. Can we, can we, can we, please? Fuck outta here. All right, what's about moms? No, moms would never do that. Moms don't want to age themselves. Dads don't care, though. Fuck, no. Dads don't give a care. It's like, Hey, hon, better go clean up those lawn clippings. All right. Guess I'll watch State of Play later. It's like, uh, Hey, hon, I'm gonna scoot off to book club there, can you watch Bella and Edward?. All right. Just had Field of Dreams PVR'd.  It's like, Hey, babe, I think we should take a vacation without the kids. Sure, Karen,. 'cause I could use more financial stress. Derek, I'm going to the Fantasia Party with the girls. Can you unload the dishwasher? Of course, Susan. I guess I'm jerkin' off again tonight. Youse is hilarious. All my friends is smart alecks. All my friends is smart alecks. Just a bunch of smart alecks. Guess I'm jerkin' off again tonight. See, like, not all dad noises are bad dad noises. So, like maybe sometimes mom might say, Hey, hon, the kids are gone away campin' for the weekend, why don't we do some toe curlin'? And then dad might lean into a real Tony the Tiger dad noise. Like. Great! Sure thing, Bonnie. See you soon. Hmm. What's the frequency, Kenneth? Bonnie McMurray has invited us to a hot tub party. Well, who doesn't love a hot tub party? Dary? I would love to go to a hot tub party at Bonnie McMurray's. Daniel? Oh, I wouldn't miss Bonnie's hot tub party for the world. Youse two should take a deep breath. That's a good way to get hemorrhoids. Yeah, that, or sitting on a cold surface. Now that's an old wives' tale. No, it isn't. No, it isn't. Yes, it is. Figure it out.  She's mine! Let's get these guys a fuckin' Puppers. You heard me say it. Because I heard me say it, and I know you heard me say it. I'm sweet on Bonnie McMurray. Oh, yeah? And how's that workin' out for you, big shooter? What's the problem?  Bonnie McMurray. You're both sweet on Bonnie McMurray?. Yes. You know, I have had a busy winter, but I'd toss my hat in the ring there, too. Did youse do pot today?  Yes.  No.  Why? Well. She's a bit young, isn't she? Well, she's 20. Well, I'm only. Doesn't matter. And I'm just. Don't care.   She's mine! Well, she's a pretty girl. It's just, uh. Could let the paint dry a wee bit there, eh? I'll tell you what, Dan. What, Dary? Let's let her decide. It's always her decision! The battle for Bonnie McMurray begins. Do you know sperms can stay alive in hot tubs?   How're ya now? It's not us. Not s'bad. Did you hear me, shirttucker? All the clown costumes, the petty vandalism around Letterkenny, it's not us. I've not heard about it, it mustn't be s'bad. Remember when I said it was petty? See, we've got our hands full of degens from up country. Okay. You do you, boo, I'll take care of this. Over and out.  That true about sperms in hot tubs? No. But the writers of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles could have kinda run with that if they wanted to.    Roald.  Stewart. How long have we been original NES gaming?. Two hours Contra, two hours Ninja Gaiden, two hours Teenage Mutant Nina Turtles, two hours Simon's Quest, two hours Mega Man 2. Ten hours. Ish. Yeah. There's heat on FAKU after our most recent ruckus. It's best we nest.  We should stop.   No.  No?  What do you mean.  I know what she means. No, we don't stop gaming. No?  Did I stutter?. No, you did not. Too much left to delve. Now, I'm not complaining, but these games are between 20 and 30 years old. You're not. Bored? Far from blase. Wondrous. What's next? We haven't even ransacked the sports games yet. Guilty pleasures. Pleasures, no less. Tecmo Super Bowl.  PunchOut!!  Hoops.  Excitebike.  Blades of Steel.  American Gladiators.  California Games.  But after that. NES Open? Baseball Simulator 1.000?  Paperboy!  No. Let's do something else.  Do you guys like dancing? Fuck it. Let's go.  Hold it. You're not going anywhere. Smells like. Feet in here. Eh? Playersonly meeting. Playersonly meeting, ferda. Now, we're close, boys. We're gonna get that W, but there's still some spring cleaning to take care of before this team comes together. Some housekeeping, ferda. Now. To truly come together as a team. And get W's. Order must be established. And to establish order, we must implement fines. Reilly will be your commissioner. Jonesy will be cocommissioner plus treasurer. I'll be collecting fines, boys. Give your balls a tug, you titfucker. Shorsey. Hmm. You bring me to fine number one. Boys, I wake up in the middle of the night dryheaving at the amount of bush in this room. We thought tummystick hedgehogs were extinct, boys. Shave your fuckin' junk hair, boys. It's disgusting, boys. And Shorsey is the guiltiest of 'em all!  Reilly will be your bush inspector. And Jonesy will be your associate bush inspector. Plus. GM of bush. Now, we were really hard on you guys last year before we were bush inspector, associate bush inspector, and GM of bush, so. We're appointing Barts as Senior Director of Bush Operations. Appointing Yorkie Senior Scout in Charge of Bush Development. First fine goes to Shorsey!. Fuck your entire fucking life, bud. From now on, $20 fine, every game and praccy 'til she's shaved down to the wood. As bald as a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle, Shoresey!  Titfucker.  On to the second order of business. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Boomtown. There are certain things that stand directly in the way of a team coming together. There are certain things that stand in the way of W's, buddy. And if you truly want this team to come together. And if you want this team to get W's. We're gonna need to see your junk, buddy. Don't feel bad. There are junk hiders on every team. But I think I speak for the entire room when I say. What are you hiding down there, bud? Something weird going on down there, bud? Again, don't feel bad. I mean, some teams have guys that don't even shower after praccy, which is worse than bush. But, we see you face the wall in the room when your junk's out, and you face the wall in the shower when your junk's out. You've seen my junk. Let's see your junk, buddy. Pull it out, buddy. Whip it out, buddy. Let's have a look at your junk. Unsheathe it, bro. You ever got in someone's car in your wet swim trunks and had them turn on the seat warmers? No. Kinda makes you feel like you've peed. You know, big brother, that's almost not worth talkin' about. Over 'n out. Ooh. Oh, great! Well, there's fuckin' Tony the Tiger. Hey, Dad. You know what? I got bigger fish to fry tonight. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Wayne. How're ya now? Good. And you? Not s'bad. Any good dad noises on the way in?  No. You know what, we've really got all the personalities on display in this hot tub. Like what? Well, you got the guy who sits with his chin in the water. Sure you do. Then you got the guy who sits with their shoulders out. Sure you do. Then you got the guy who takes up two to three times more real estate than everybody else because they're just like. Puttin' the vibe out there. Sure you do. And of course you've got your edge sitters. That's me, Wayne. What's your story over there, hands? I'm the guy who keeps his hands dry so he can still dig out and light smokes. What if it's an outdoor hot tub? Don't your hands get cold? I'm also the guy who would never admit that sort of thing. What about you keep one hand out of the water to dig out smokes and I'll keep one hand out of the water so I can light them. More hands make less work. You're all right, Rosie. So, Bonnie. What are you looking for in a guy? I don't really have a type, I don't think. Okay, but if you had to choose between someone who was. More big and hairy. Versus somebody who's a lot less big and hairy, but more pale. Which. Which way are you leaning towards there? Like, muscly big?. Yeah. Muscly big. Well, that's generous. Oh, they're in there somewhere. And I like hairy versus, like, groomed or manscaped. But how hairy? I could grow a beard. No, you can't. Can, too. Cannot. Can, too. Can, too! Cannot. Well, I can always shaves my beard, easypeasy. Or evens get a haircut. Let's take about 80% off her over there, Squirrelly Dan. Yeah, sure. Hey, look, bubbles! Bonnie, what are you looking for in a relationship? I kinda like being single right now. Humor me. I don't know. I've never really been in love. Okay, let's get this ball rolling. Wayne. Rosie. What's the key to making this look so good?  Space. Like, distance? Not distance. Although distance makes the heart grow fonder. Just space. Space. So you don't wanna get like. Sick of each other. Example. I like to read, a lot. I like to stay in and read. It's not easy telling a guy you don't want to see him because you want to stay in and read. Let's test this theory. Dary. Say you asked Bonnie McMurray out on a date and she says. I'm going to stay in and read. She up to somethin'. Dan? Oh, she's definitely up to something. Wayne? Must be a pretty good book. Must be like. The Road. Uh, no. Still suspicious of that. Yeah, wouldn't that make you. Wary? No reason not to trust her 'til she gives you one, bud. You know, Bonnie, I had my first girl phase around your age. Let's see it, bud. Is something weird going on there, bud? Boom! $20 fine! Fisky. What? What? Oh, I don't know what kind of pretyke, subamateur hour Teenage Mutant Ninja fucking Turtles organizations you guys have played for in the past, but don't step on the logo is straight fuckin'. It's basic. Don't step on the logo. Live for the logo, respect the logo! Fisky. Then why is it on the floor? That brings me to my next point. Your jerseys. Oh, yo, buddy. You should call it a sweater, buddy. Don Cherry's orders. Don Cherry, buddy. Your sweater never ever touches the floor. Hang up the sweater. Live for the sweater. Respect the sweater. Mmm. Boomtown! You're not off the hook, bud. Do you want us to trust you? Do you want this team to come together? You want a fuckin' W? Yeah! Then we're gonna need to see your junk, buddy. Let's see your junk, buddy. Mmmhmm. You know what? Team exercise? Team exercise. Yeah. Yeah. All right, boys, everybody up. Trousers down, junks out, boys. Lets help a teammate. Junks out, boys.  Is. Someone on the ice, bud? That's our ice, buddy. Hey, don't move, pheasants. So, Bonnie, what has a guy have do to get your attention? I don't know. Make me laugh, I guess. Turn off the bubbles. Hey, Bonnie, have you ever seen It Came from Beneath the Sea? No.  You have now. That was well brought up, too bad you weren't.  Dary actually stole my joke there. But lucky's for you, Bonnies, I'm very funny's and I have lots of jokes. Okay. Hey, Bonnies, what's another word for champagne? Um. Oh, bubbly. If you say so.  You've got a rich inner life. You're funny, Katy. That was funny, Dan. It was almost as funny as the first time that I heard it. Youse shouldn't fart in front of girls. That was my joke, Dan. You stole my joke, didn't you? Don't you interrupt me. I swear I will. Stop.  Stop it, right now! I. Just quit it. Okay, enough! Please. And thank you. You're not so funny, are you now, Dary? How's that book comin' along? I miss that book. Did you hear they're still searching for the Loch Ness monster?. And she's migrated. Ooh. Funny, I thought these were Ogopogo waters. Guess they are. Don't make me come over there, Dan, because I. If you do that one more time. Just. Wink at me again, I. Daniel!. Daniel, stop your fartin' and telling your jokes! Are those jets on autotimer, Bonnie? Nope. Did you press the button again, Katy? Hard no. Over and out. Who's that? What's that? Tanis. What's a Tanis? Well, aren't you a little bundle of sass. You better watch your little tongue before I flick you with my womanhood. Did your balls drop finally, Skiddo? Feel a little fur on your nut sack? 'Cause that is the only logic I can think of behind why you chodes would terrorize this whole town knowing that Wayne would think it was us. Although I am a selfadmitted glutton for punishment. It never crossed my mind. I will wipe that smirk off your face like pixie dust over there wipes your little asshole. It was just once! I.  Hey! No, you were passed out.  I was. I said stop it! I was just trying to help. All right, I need to get to the bottom of this first. What, do you, like, hang out with these losers? Which losers? Peter Pan and Tinker Bell. They're giving you drugs, aren't they? What makes them losers? Trust me, tart. You don't want me to answer that. Tart? That's what I said. Tart. Intriguing. What is? Well, the psychology at work here. Yeah, fuckin' right. It's called intimidation. No, it isn't. It's called projection. Okay, it didn't take me very long to realize I don't like you. My mother's a psychologist.  'Kay. You harbor guilt over your promiscuous impulses so you can call me a tart. That's projection of the sexual feelings you're attempting to hide. Poorly. For who? For Stewart. You like Stewart? No! And you two. You call my friend Roald here, Tinker Bell and pixie dust because you're uncomfortable with your own sexualities. His open homosexuality makes you feel even more uncomfortable. That actually kind of makes sense. No, it doesn't! Yours kind of makes sense. No, it doesn't. Let's try an exercise. Hug Roald. See how it makes you feel. You might be surprised. No! No. Roald, help them out. Encourage them. Like. Like, I hug them? A big hug. Can I be in the middle? Ugh! It may be distressing at first, but you owe it to yourselves to try. You could be so happy. Uhhuh. We should try, too, Tanis. Fuck, no. I'm warning you, Skiddo. Whoa! Second warning. All right. Do damage, boys. Let's go! Oui. Alors. Tart. I'll be back. Oh, you're the best, Gae! Artistry. Virtuosity.  An undocked dismantlement of the decrepit. Fuckin', eh. Was all that true? Is your mom really a psychologist?. Yes, she is. And we're going home. Gae? Tyson? Joint Boy. You guys can play? Boys, hockey's 50% mental and 50% being mental. I'm mostly just mental. I'm still not sure that's PC, buddy, but. Bas McRae! Buddy. We've spent the entire season trying to bring the team together. And get W's, buddy. Maybe the entire time. We just needed to add some grit, buddy. A little sandpaper, ferda? Boys, how would you guys like to play for the Letterkenny Irish? How would you boys like to get a fuckin' W? I'm no stud, but I can sure as hell make some room out there for you boys. I'm dog shit. But I can beat the fuck out of 95% of the population on Earth. Wheel, snipe, celly, boys! Follow us. . Nice. What's goin' on here, boys? Is this a hazing ritual? Boomtown!. Mmm. Okay. Modest. Nothing weird going on. No weird jhook, ferda. No mutant, bobblehead turtleneck. No weird long snout anteater. No disfiguration or discoloration, ferda. Healthy. That's modest. Great dick, Boomtown. Boomtown? You've just helped this team come together, buddy. Feel good about that. And these guys are going to help us get that W. If. Boomtown. Is that okay with you? Boomtown? Let's do this, boys!  . Whoa. Whoa. Whoa! Whoa! Put your junk away, boys. We didn't sign up for a sword fight, boys. It's gross. Well. Congratulations, degens. Your jokes just cost us company. Rosie did say she was missing her book. Yeah, she's up to something. She's up to somethings. Regardless. Full transparency, Bonnie. You have a number of interested parties in here. I've gathered that. So. Where do your interests lie? Well, Daryl. No!. No! You're muscly, big. Yeah. That's generous. Kinda. Dan. No!. No! You're hairy, which I like more than groomed or manscaped. And I can always shaves my beard. And Katy. No!. No! You make me laugh. And we haven't even started tickling yet. But. I like being single. No! Because then you can fool around with whoever you want and not get in trouble from anyone. Ah!  What? Oh, I'd be in trouble. I'd be in troubles. I'd be in big trouble. From who? Wayne? Yeah? Thanks for not turning the seat warmers on in your truck. Kinda makes you feel. Like you peed? Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. Yeah. And funny. I didn't want to admit it 'cause there's. Such a thing as an inappropriate. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for a wonderful day. Will you be reading tonight? Yeah. I hope you'll enjoy your book. After we make some dad noises?. Great!You were havin' breakfast with your pals the other day. Fuck were youse drunk last night. You know, I can't stand it when you guys get really, really, really drunk. Wasn't s'bad. It was s'goddamn bad. You get super annoying when you're really, really, really drunk. Right, scary Dary? Please leave me alone. Pushing your nipples against everyone all night? And what about you, madman Dan? Or should I say, Legend of the Wind? It's Squirrelly Dan, Miss Katy. Challenging everyone to a foot race? Get real. Please stop shouting at me, Miss Katy. And let's not skim over Wayne the Pain. Mind your own beeswax, Katy. You have the most annoying fuckin' laugh on planet fuckin' Earth, when you get really, really, really, drunk. Clean it up! There's a new addition to the Squirrelly Dan famdamly. I've seen that in the paper. What's the scoop there, big shooter? Well, Samuel's. I fuckin' hate Samuel. He's a Big Brother's now. Oh, I fuckin' hate Samuel so much. Well, that's interesting, maybe make Samuel straighten up, fly right there. That's what I said. Youse did pot today, didn't ya's. No. 'Cause youse are talkin' like youse did pot. Why? Because that logic is Titanic on the ocean floor busted. Why? Well, it's like when a celebrity gets all fucked up on snooters and such. They think that the solution to sortin' themselves out is to get a puppy. What's wrong with a puppy? Well, I'm just sayin', doesn't it seem more appropriate to sort yourself out before bringing a beating heart into your own home, rather than relying on that beating heart to sort yourself out? Snooters and such. Uh, hmm, I had my go with snooters and such. Small town spawn snooters and such. Degens do snooters and such. Over and out. I'd have to agree. I think it's differents for Samuel's, he's just a sixyearsold with a penchants for mischief. Someone needs to hit that kid. I thinks for a sixyearsold introducing a little brother's into the mix might just be what he needs to inspires him to sort's himself out. I have to agree. It's like Samuel who's introducing a little brother to himself to sort himself out. It's different than like a celebrity introducing a puppy to sort himself out after snooters and such. And my cousin says the baby is very smart. Pump the brakes? I'll soft pump. What's the stupidest thing you ever heard in your life? I would like to say, but it's impolite to talk politics at the breakfast table. I'd also likes to say but it's impolite to talk religions at the breakfast table. Well, mine is neither politics or religion so I will say, the stupidest thing I ever heard in my life, is that a baby is smart. Well, hold your horses there, big shoots. My Aunt Nancy works at the nursery down at the hospitals and she says I was the smartest baby she ever did see. Your Aunt Nancy said that I was destined for constant confusion. Are you saying my Aunt Nancy is stupids for saying such things? I love your Aunt Nancy. I owe her a great deal for my personal growth as a young man. I even call her my Aunt Nancy. Please tell her I said hello. I will, good friend. But what, seesuckin', so to speak, makes a baby smart? Well, she says I was always reachin' out for things in my surroundings. And that made you a smart baby? Allegedly's. Okay, Dan. Okay, okay, Dan. Okay, hold your thumb out. I'm gonna be a baby. Ehya. Now what about that suggests I ought to be buildin' rocket ships for NASA in outer space? Your Aunt Nancy said that a baby who shows signs of excitement before it's able to verbally communicate is a sign of intelligence. Aunt Nancy said signs of stimulation. Well, 'cause that means that they're already getting excited about their surroundings. A baby is stimulated by their surroundings. Okay, Dary, okay. Okay, Dary, yeah, okay. Go wideeyed stick your tongue out. I'm gonna be a baby, okay? I'm gonna show you signs of excitement slash stimulation. No but, Dary, like. Like make the sound like you're doing it to a baby. Ehya. Now what about that suggests that I ought to be navigating unchartered neurological pathways in the brain? I expose nothin'. Yeah, realistically. Furthermore, in the midst of excitement slash stimulation, that razor sharp baby is likely to drop a shit in its pants. Unable to control its own bodily functions but smart as a whip, Dan. Imaginable's, but I wouldn't say likely's. Hmm, it's possible. Okay, Dan, okay. Okay, Dary, Dary, okay. Dan, hold your thumb out. Dary, go wideeyed, stick your tongue out, and coo like you're doing it to a baby. I'm gonna be a baby, okay? Clean it up! You suppose you could make the same argument for a dog, but at least you don't have to wipe a dog's poopy bum, do you? What is this buttfuckery? Had a rowdy crowd in last night, boys. Where the fuck from?. Up country. Degens. Fuck! In degens. Offered 'em sex in exchange for peace. No takers, so it's safe to say they were gay degens. Well, we'll just let you runs with that there, Gailer. Look, we've all had a runin with degens from up country. But we figured out a solution. All you have to do is employ the Ginger and Boots to be your bouncers. Degens won't wanna a whiff of this place. Choice idea, Daryl. Also go ahead and change the name of my bar from MoDean's 2 to Ostrich Fuckers while I'm at it. Crazier things have happened. Besides I'm bringin' in my own bouncer. Oh, is he single? You've had a busy winter, Miss Katy. Get after it. Who's that? My cousin Bradley. Ah, Bradley! I fuckin' love Bradley. I love Bradley so much! I'm one, I'd go as far as to say I love him, too. I love his pecs. Nobody loves Bradley more than Rosie. Like, I'm not really one for, like, being touched or anything like that, but then like, he'll be huggin' you and her huggin' me, it'll be like a little bit different. Like. Well, like it's okay. I'm his secondfavorite cousin. He's always saying, God bless you. And, you know, I'm not really a religious guy's, but when he says it you feel good, like. Like I can feel the warmth. Rosie's his favorite cousin. And he does the best impersonations, too. Like so many of 'em. Like he could do it professionally. He could do me professionally. Hey, can't forget about the lowbones. Oh, youse can's never forget's about the lowbones. I hope this is what I think it is. What's lowbones? Well, lowbones is basically like if somebody's saying something, and you agree with them, that means give them lowbones. You can also use lowbones to say hellos or goodbyes. Do you wanna know what? Here's what lowbones is, I can tell you what lowbones is. Lowbones is when you hold your knuckles below your waist like this and bang knuckles with somebody. Except don't look the person in the eye or in the knuckles when you bang knuckles with them. Almost like you don't give a care. And then you say somethin' positive under your breath upon bangin' of the knuckles. Like, uh, Hell yeah, fuck it. Or, uh. Yeah, man, you rock. Like, everybody get in here for a second. Just pretend, like, I just got here and I'm gonna show you what lowbones are. Hey, everyone, I just got here. You rock. Fuck yeah. Yeah, but 'cept you gotta say it more under your breath than that. Like, everybody get in here, pretend like I'm leaving. Okay, guys, I'm gonna leave now. Something about the best part about Bradley is. But we all know what the best part about Bradley is. Bradley is a fuckin' killer. Oh, like, Bradley will fuckin' kill you. Like, Bradley knows his ways around a headbutts and that's for GD sure. Not sure that's the best part about Bradley. When does Bradley get here? Should be here any second. Well, then we'll all wait here at the bar and greet him. I love Bradley. I love Bradley so much. Do you wanna know what? I'd go as far as to say I love him, too.  . Okay boys, it's the final game of the campaign. Final chance for one W. Sixty hard miles, boys. Fore check, back check, pay check, boys. Now, Joint Boy. Tyson. You guys may be what this team needs to finally come together. You guys might be the final piece. Ferda. We've reserved the two toughest numbers in hockey for you. Joint Boy, you'll be wearing number 28. Domi, Godard, Stock. Three of the toughest players wore number 28. Don't forget Colton Orr. Thanks, boys, it's an honor. Pretend Boogaard wore it. That is a fuckin' honor. Tyson. You'll be wearing the toughest number worn by the toughest allaround player to ever lace 'em up. Number nine. Gordie Howe, boys. Gordie mother fuckin' Howe, boys. Mr. Hockey.  Mr. Elbows. Creator of the Gordie Howe Hat Trick, boys. One geno, one apple, one tilly. Thanks, boys. Greatest all round player in the history of the show, Mr. Hockey. Gretz is the best player in the history of the show. Give your balls a tug. Gretz is the best. We didn't mean any disrespect to 99. We said Gordie Howe was the best allround player. Gretz holds or shares 61 records in the show, you piece of shit. Don't nickel and dime the Great One. But Mr. Hockey. Suck my Mr. Cockey, you fuckin' loser. Hey, hey, hey. There's more important things, like this team coming together. You're right. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Tell your mom I drained the bank account she set up for me. Top it up so I can get some fuckin' KFC.  Fuckin'. Hey, there's more important things. More important things. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom loves butt play like I love HaagenDazs. Let's get some fuckin' ice cream.  Boys! We've come a long way. Overcome adversity on our quest to finally come together as a team and get one W. Bulldozed speed bumps, boys. You're right, we've conquered. For example, puck bunnies, you little bitch. Yorkie? Chirping from the bench 101. Scholtzy. Don't step on the logo. Pussy. Fisky. Sweaters never touch the floor. Boomtown. Presenting my penis to my allmale teammates in hopes that they will accept me. And then having my penis called modest, with my allmale team further coming together as a result of seeing my penis. That's the big picture. What? Why do they talk like that? I wasn't finished! Boomtown! Keeping the big picture in mind, and despite all your honest opinions, which I do appreciate, you could have called my penis the big picture. That would have been a thrill. Boomtown. Let's get this fuckin' W boys! It's the last game of the season, pheasants. We'll get this W tonight, or I send one of these sailing with this bad boy on my foot! Think of the destruction! Think of the carnage! Think of the good men left behind.  Toilet was backed up so I had to shit in there, too, titfuckers. I'm gonna get that plug, buddy. We have to do something about that pilon, buddy. How's that for motivation?. Hey, Reilly, I made a oopsy, can you ask your mom to pick up Jonesy's mom on the way over to my place? I double booked them by mistake, you fuckin' loser. That guy's a masterpiece. So, this is. Goodbye? Lyric from the Moby track Porcelain. Roald. (HIGHPITCHED) Stewart. Why don't we call it, adios. Actually, I'd prefer if we don't call it that. Long story, but this girl I kind of used to date used that word when she dumped me, and she broke my heart. Then we'll call it sayonara. Arrivederci, amore. Ciao. Shalom. Auf wiedersehen.  Roaldy. Gae. Roald. Stewart. This is what we've been working towards, remember? We did it.  I. I like you. You, you, you, and I don't want you, to go, oh, oh. Roald. Stewart. Connor. Darien. Hysterics are fruitless. Tears are valueless. Pain. Is inevitable. That's my mom, she's such a twat. Give me three good reasons why you fell you must rebel. I hate the world.  I hate my parents. . And I hate myself. As you were. No, no, no, no! I don't understand!. He's so close I can smell him. I'm about to slide right off this chair, boys. That libido works harder than soldiers stacking sandbags for a flood. That's a Texas size 104, Gailer. First the models. Some talk around town about some business in Bonnie McMurray's hot tub. Even heard something 'bout you and a couple of French dudes. You've had a busy winter, you old goat. I have had a busy winter. But I mean, like French guys, am I right? Hello, hello.  Bradley! Haha! Oh, bless up! I can't believe. I can't believe. I haven't seen y'all in forever. Chris Rock! Daryl, I see you over there. You want a hug, I see you. Uh huh. I see you, looking' at me. I want a hug, yeah, I want a hug. Let's have a hug now, gimme a hug. A hug, gimme a hug now. Eddie Murphy! You're so funny, Bradley. We missed you so much, Bradley. God bless you, boys. Thank you, Bradley. Thank you so much, Bradley. What up, Katy? It's a slip and slide over here, boys. And you, my second favorite cousin. What up, cousin? What up, cousin? I got a Haitian taco recipe mom wanted me to pass along. Yeah! I prayed for you after MoDean's burned down. He listened. Props to you and him for getting' this place back on its feet. Thanks, cousin. You know what we say. Our lips to God's ears, right? Well, we don't actually ever say that, just you. But you're a great guy, Bradley. So good to see you guys. Hey, Bradley? What's up? Can you, uh, can you do. Do your Michael Jackson impression for me? Uh, I haven't seen you all in so long. I'm sorry. I get emotional. Tito, get me a tissue. That was actually an Eddie MurphyMichael Jackson hybrid. It was a hybrid. Oh, you're so funny, Bradley. Oh, yes, you smell like sandalwood, Bradley. Seriously. Love. That's what's up, that's what's up. So, got a problem with the degens from up country? Yeah. Always got a problem with degens from up country. Lots of hard work dealing with degens from up country. Degens are a problem in Letterkenny. Yes. Well, not no more. Bradley's in town now. That's what's up.  That's what's up. Seriously, straight up, you guys are offduty for the night. Oh, I need a lifeguard on duty right now, boys. Heard through the grapevine, you guys have been putting in OT with these degens. Double OT. That's what's up.  That's what's up. That's what's up. You've all got the night off. Do you hear me? From this day forth I'm on degen duty for the foreseeable future. Denzel Washington! Well, anything we could do to help, though, Bradley. Oh, we'd loves to help you, Bradley. Seriously, Bradley, anything we can do to help. I want you guys to get out and relax and have a good time. Enjoy yourselves and get really, really, really drunk. Oh, pump the brakes. Hey, I'll soft pump. You sure you know what you're signing up for there, big shooter? I think they've earned it. Little bit. Little bit. Oh, Robert De Niro. Okay, but fair warning. They get super annoying when they're really, really, really drunk. I don't care, man! Gentlemen, you've kept watch of this town for long enough, man. Tonight I want y'all to get out and have some fun, man. And I will accept nothin' less than really, really, really, really, really, really really, really drunk. Get out!  Chris Tucker!. That's what I'm talkin' about. Oh! Well, if it isn't my favorite cousin. Waz up, cousin? Hi, Bradley. Yeah. Hey, Wayne, have you been, uh, taking good care of her, Wayne? Can confirm. All right, God bless, that's what's up. Gail? Who's that? Go over and see for yourself. And where did you come from? Glen? Oh, hi, Katy. Is Wayne here with you? Ooh, there he is, hi, Wayne! I love this, we're twins. Uh, busy winter's over. Is that fuckin' joker wearing number 99, bud? This is our chance to make it up to Gretz, bud. Hey, 99, you fuckin' loser. Are you fuckin' serious nines? How dare you wear that number, you piece of shit! That's the Great One's number, you fuckin' donkey. Think you're Gretzky, you piece of shit? Gretz probably smashed your mom in the '80s, bud. I'll get the white tape out and turn those double nines into double zeros. You're a fucking nobody. Fuckin' serious nines? When's Mess get here, bud, you're fuckin' hilarious. When's McSorley get here, you fuckin' plug. Suck my knob! What a fucking piece of work, right? Piece of shit. The fucking audacity. Look at that fuckin' masterpiece, boys. I'd master that piece, boys. Look at those legs go up and make a complete fuckin' ass out of themselves. I'd wear that out, boys. Holy fuck, would I love to get sticky with her. Stick me right to her, boys. Fuckin' Shoresy, buddy, I'm ready to pop. Already starting to snapcrackle, buddy. We gotta get focused, buddy. W's. Who brought the fuckin' rocket, boys? Those billet sister's a fuckin' rocket boy. But she looks cold. I'll show her my warm front. Hey, you look mad. I'll give you a bone to pick. Wait a second. Tyson, make some room for us on the bench. Joint Boy. Beat the shit outta that guy. Give your balls a tug, you tit. That experiment worked wonderfully, buddy. Worth their weight in gold, buddy. Whew! I'm right on the edge, bud, but gotta stay focused. I'm ready for a tilly, buddy. W's. W's. W's. Who brought the fuckin' rocket, boys? Who's billet sister's a fuckin' rocket, boys? Yup! Yup. Yup. Yup. Oh, that was awesome, Bradley. Know what, Bradley? We should totally have a race. You know what they used to call me in high school? Wheels. Bradley, do Bill Cosby. I would like to talk to you about Pudding Pops. All right, that's enough. You're so funny, Bradley. Look how fast he goes. Why don't you guys go play some Buckhunter. I'll race you over to the Buckhunter machine. I'll surprise you. How does that sound? Anyone else feeling. .wayward? (HIGHPITCHED) Stewart. Lacking? Stewart. Mislaid?. Stew. Stewart don't. We mustn't marinate in our own misery and misfortune. We mustn't bask in our own bad luck and bitterness. We mustn't soak in our own suffering and sorrow. Gae wouldn't have wanted that. But. What would Gae do? WWGD. Yeah. Gae would do one more. One more rampage. One final flaunt for fuck you. Roald. Are you in? In, Stewart. Connor, are you in? Darien? Are you in? Wondrous! Roald?. Stewart. How cold is it?. I'll check it out. It's minus 24. Bummer.  Stewart. This is a fool's errand. What? Wasted labor. Thwarted? Pointless. It's really cold. It wouldn't be any fun without Gae anyway. She was an invigorment. What do we do now? What we always do, Roald. Copious amounts of hard drugs.  That was fuckin' epic, boys! I can't believe they called the game, boys! Zerozero for the good guys, boys! I'll take a good fight over a W any day, you little bitch! Yorkie. Lay beats, fill seats. Scholtzy. A good brawl brings a team together. Makes us one, pussy. Fisky. Proof we'd go to the wall for each other, boys. That's brotherhood! Boomtown! Showing you all my penis was degrading and humiliating. Had I known I could have just tossed the mitts to bring the team together, I would have chosen that route. You're fuckin' weird, bud. Fuck is he a weirdo.  Boomtown. But, the team came together. And that's a fuckin' W, boys! I have never been less embarrassed in all my life. They are fuckin' embarrassing! Jonesy, Reilly. You have a visitor! What? Thanks, boys. For what, KatyKat? For the what, KatyKat? For sticking up for me. Ferda. I want to get back together. But just with one of you. God bless you, man, but you better stop it with that nipple shit. From your lips to God's nips, Bradley. Bradley, do your Chris Tucker again. That's the best one. Wayne, I would but your laugh makes me want to strangle a small motherfuckin' dog!  Hey, Bradley, we should race right now. Really. No Dan, no. What? You gonna race me. You hear the Legend of the Wind? I ain't scared of a goddamn thing! Bradley, do your Denzel Washington again. That's the best one. We'll go fast around the bar, real fast. Bradley do your Will Smith again, that's the best one. You and me Bradley, 50 meter dash. Let's go right now.  Okay, 50 meters too far. I get it. Twentyfive meters. It's not so far.  Hear the wind? That's a wind, knocking on your door, Bradley. Bradley? Wayne? That's Bradley's favorite cousin. Trouble in paradise, shirttucker? Ha! Wayne. Please, no. No one loves Bradley more than Rosie. You were chorin' with your pals the other day. Don't be a fuckin' degen, Dary. What? Well, every time you snot rocket. Or farmer spit. You lick your lips after, and it's fuckin' gross. You act like yous got it all your damn self. I'm not a fuckin' snot licker, that's for GD sure. The last time I checked, nothin' up there that can't hurt me. Incorrect, big shooters. Snots is actually your body's garbage removal system. When you breathe in, your nose hairs collects all sorts of dusts and debris, including bacterias and viruses. That's your body's way of removing them from you. That's what snots is. Dust and debris and viruses and what? Figure it out. You're getting rid of that dust and debris intranasallys and then you just takes it right back in orally. Well, youse can both take it anally, that's all I give a care about. You better settle down over there, or I'm gonna come talk to you. Speaking of taking things anallys. Moving on. I gots a question. Nope. It's of the personal varietys. There's such a thing as too much butt talk, and a fella oughta be fuckin' aware of it. Well, youse guys are my friends. I relys on you for counsel. I gots a problem and I need my friends. If a man asks for help, you help him. Pitterpatter. Youse guys remembers that gal I took to the chip trucks last summer? Fuck's sake. The one who put her finger in your bum? Mind your fuckin' beeswax, Dary. That's the one, Dary. It's impolite to kiss and tell, Dan. Well, I knows it's impolites to kiss and tells, but. No butts. Actually, this involves a significant butt. Hers or yours? I'm gonna take a fuckin' migraine here. Anyways, she was askings me about. Performings the anal sex on her. Youse guys. Youse guys ever do that? You ever. Takes the dirt road home? No. No. Well, Professor Tricia from my women's studies group, she says it's quite commons to. Enter through the back door. Uh. Mind you she didn't stress whethers that was naturals. Well, but, like I've been told, that where vagina sex is like a total encasing of the penis, like. Like sticking a hot dog inside a pogo, and then like, anal sex is a partial encasing of the penis, so it'd be more like putting a hot dog in a beer bottle. Waynes? No. Dary? The answer's still no. But I have been told the same thing as Dary, that whereas vagina sex provides stimulation of the entire penis, like a sausage inside a burrito, but bum sex provides stimulation only from like. Well, like the rim of the butt hole rather than inside the butt hole also. So, what you're sayings is, it's less like going inside this Long John Silvers here, and more like going inside this honey cruller here. Correct. It's less like going inside this loaf of bread. And more like going inside this bagel. Waynes? No. Dary? Answer's still no. But I have been told that it's less like going inside this wheel of Brie cheese and more like going inside this piece of Swiss cheese. Oh, I love Swiss cheese. I love honey crullers. You don't like bagels. Nope. I need to borrow your truck, big brother. What for? To take these two back to the city. For good? Yeah. Why youse taking them back to the city, Katy? Why don't you ask them? Okay. Shep. Kingsley, why is Katy's taking you backs to the citys? Probably 'cause we're big fat tubs of lard. It's 'cause we're too tubby. Does that answer your question, Dan? Gotcha. If I was a supporting character in a Tom Hanks movie, I'd be Tubba Gump. Oh, sure, sure. And if youse were an early Jake Gyllenhaal film, you'd be Tubble Boy. If I was a career resurrecting Matthew McConaughey vehicle, I'd be Dallas Buyers Tub. Exactly. And if you were an Original NES twoplayer fighting game, you'd be TubbleDragon. I knew youse were tubble when you walked in. Let's go. Don't forget to come back for the opening of MoDean's 2. Let's get hammered, boys. Those is acceptable terms, Ms. Katy's. 'Bout time we had some sort of bar in this town. Gail called. She says she needs a hand getting set up. Yeah. We gotta go past Jivin' Pete's YouBrewToo to pick up the kegs. Youse can do that without me. Mmm. What's Jivin' to do now? Besides hangin' out with degens from up country? Jivin's not really a goods guy anymore, is he? Mmm, no. I wouldn't call Jivin' a good guy anymore. Jivin' honked his horn at Katy when she was crossing the street uptown. Jivin' shouldn't have done that. Jivin' laughed at her, too, when she jumped. He scared her. To be fair. To be fair. (SINGSONG) To be fair. Jivin's pals laughed, too. Jivin's pals shouldn't have done that. Jivin' and his pals thinks so much of themselves they probably suck each other off. We'll go pick up the kegs from Jivin's. You want us to tell Jivin' you're gonna come talk to him? You know how he feels about talkin's. He'll hear it from me. 104, good buddy. Over and out.  Hey, girl. Hey, boy. Superstar DJ. Hey. Here we go! Who are you? Gae. So am I. I didn't ask what you were, girl. I didn't tell you what I am, boy. Who are you? I'm Gae. So am I. No, you're not. That's exactly what my father said to me. So you're in the business of opening wounds, girl? Stop calling me girl, boy. And what shall I call you? Gae. I'm the only gay in this crew! And I was born this way, Stewart! I support you, remember? Let me get this straight. He's a homosexual? That's exactly what my mother said to me. The exact same way. You will delete yourself from this dwelling, girl. But not before you reveal your motive behind your vexations streak! Fine. And after that, huh, you better bizzounce! My name is Gae. That's your name? Wow. And I thought Roald's parents never gave him a chance. They didn't. My parents banished me to Letterkenny from the city to live with my aunt because of poor behavior. You're an outcast. I'm a deportee. You're a vagrant.  I'm in exile. Arresting. Everyone here is some form of derelict. I will hear you out. Gae. Dad. Yup. Still a homo. But you're the one who named me after the author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! Listen up, you pilons. Grab a knee, plugs. All right. Now, I know you guys may not want to hear this, but getting rid of that puck bunny is the first step towards getting a W, boys. We'll introduce you to a couple of sporty little spices down the road, boys. But I like that sporty little spice. Pardon? Sorry. Sorry, man, my bad. Boomtown! But I like that sporty little spice! Okay. Well, you'd better learn to hate her because she's the reason we have zero W's on the season, boys. We need that W, boys. Gotta have that W, boys. Gotta want that W, boys. And the first step to getting it is. Beating your opponent mentally. Gotta get inside of his head, boys. Hockey is 90% mental, 10% skill. Unless you're a retired NHL tough guy Basil McRae, who says hockey is 50% mental, 50% being mental. Still not sure that's PC, buddy. No. Baz makes his own rules, though, buddy. Love Baz, bro. Baz for life, yo. Now, the easiest way to get inside your opponent's head, boys, is by chirping from the bench. Obviously, boys. Talk is for Schmelts, you little bitch. Do your talking on the scoreboard, schmelts. Oh. Oh, okay. Hmm. Have any of you guys been doing any talking on the scoreboards lately? Hey? Hmm? Nice stats, no stats. Fine, you little bitch. We'll try it your way, schmelts. Good. Tonight, we will be taking you boys through chirping from the bench 101. We can get this W, boys. We will get this W, boys. You're not gonna get this W, boys, not by yourselves. But luckily for you pheasants, someone in this room has got some jam. Ready to meet your new teammate? Come on! Look at this tour de force. This piece de resistance. This masterpiece. Huh?  Look at that hustle. Look at that jam. Multitasking, pheasants. Maxing every single second! That's how you get the W, boys. Well, fuck, boys, I was already down here ripping ass whilst figured I'd rip some raps. What the fuck are you looking at, tit fucker? Give your balls a tug. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reily. Fight me, see what happens. Yeah, what's gonna happen, Shoresy? Three things, I hit you, you hit the pavement, ambulance hits 60. That's the worst chirp I've ever heard in my entire life, Shoresy. That's my slowlearning Mennonite uncle's favorite chirp. Yeah, it's your mom's favorite chirp, too, buddy. Ask her, see what happens. Yeah? What's gonna happen, Shoresy? Three things, I hit you, you hit the pavement, I fuck your mom again. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom just liked my Instagram post from two years ago in Puerto Vallarta. Tell her I'll put my swim trunks on for her anytime she likes. Fuck you, Shoresy! Fuck you, Reilly. Your mom keeps trying to slip a finger in my bum, but I keep telling her I only let Jonsey's mom do that, you fuckin' loser. My mom would never put a finger in your bum! Mum's a fuckin' saint. Fuck! Fuck your entire fuckin' life, you piece of shit. Gail, how're ya now? Good, 'an you? Not bad. To MoDean's 2! Ah. It's a hell of a space you got. Thanks for the help, boys. You're welcome, Gails. Wasn't Jivin' Pete supposed to deliver those himself? Yeah. What happened with that? My cousin said she seen him with some degens from up country. Anywho, Old Gail's all sorts of jazzed about MoDean's 2. So are we, Gails. I'm so jazzed I couldn't sleep last night. I was up flickin' more bean than a Starbucks barista. Good enough, Gail. I mean it. Handled more dime than a homeless man. Where do these go? Back door. Where you know you're always welcome, Wayne. Okay.  There someone else here? Yeah. I hired a couple waitresses. Oh. Bonnie McMurray. I thought you said there was two, uh, waitresses. Glen? Wayne!. Well, I guess the kitten's out of the clutch, again. Glen's back to waitressing. Well, you look. Ordinary.  Did you hear that? That's some hot praise coming from Mr. Extraordinary. Gave him a little makeover. Figured if you guys get some eye candy, old Gail is gonna help herself to a fistful too. Mmm. Gail got me the Lasik so. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Wayne. How're ya now? Bonnie, kegs are coming in, so make sure the lines are clean. Glen, go throw some ice in the urinals. I know it's like a little video game for you guys. Can confirm. Bye, Bonnie. Bye, Wayne. No, I was going to say it first. You don't want to go toetotoe with me, darlin'. Anyway, back to Jivin'. He's turned into a bit of a tit, hasn't he? Yeah, his pals too. Well, if you've got something to say about Jivin', you should say it to his face. Bad gas travels fast in a small town. You don't want him hearin' that from somebody else. It's dishonorable. It's a true story. Saddle up to the bar when you're done. I'll show my new Haitian taco. Well, I don't know if that's foods or not, but if it is, I'm lookin' forward to it. It's only for Wayne. Well, then I guess it's not foods. But I'm gonna pencil you in for a chats, Gail, 'cause Haitian tacos, that sounds like we got something there. You guys remember when Jivin was pissing down the hay mow and Alexander was climbing up and he got a bit of pee in his mouth? Enough talk about Jivin'. And then, you remember the same night Alexander fell face first into the cow paddy and got a bit of poop up nose? That's pretty much par for the course with Alexanders. So, what would you rather have then, a bit of pee in your mouth or a bit of poop up your nose? Well. Well, fuckin' neither. Well, but it's hypothetical, it's a game. It's called, Would You Rather. So, you got to pick one or the other is what you're saying. Yes. It's hypothetical. Kinda feels like you did pot. Well, how much pee's are we talking about? Yeah, and how much poop? Okay, so if we're talking about, like an eyedropper, be like, mmm. Four or five drops of pee, right in your mouth. Or, let's call it like, the end of the pinkie fingernail, full poop, up your nose. For the rest of your life. Oh, so it's for the rest of your fuckin' life now? Yeah. Would you rather have a bit of pee in your mouth, or a bit of poop up nose? And you. You can't spits the pee's out your mouth or blows the poops out of your nose? Well, see, Dary would just lick it off his lips after blowin' it out anyway. That's correct, Dan. I think I'd take the poops in my nose. But then you'd be smelling poop for the rest of your life. And poop is potent, pal. Yeah, but if you had pee's in your mouth and every time you takes a bites of food, you. You're gonna be tasting pee's. Yeah. And you're gonna have to swallow a bit of that pee with every time you take a bite of food. Do you wanna know what, I'd take the poop. Yes, I would take the poop. Well, there's no chance of ingesting's the poop? Well, I'm not a scientist or anything, that's not really my forte, but say you had the sniffles, right? And you honk one back, and you get a piece of that poop right in the back of your throat, that's down the hatch. Well, see that's changing the fuckin' rules, Dary. Before you said you're either taste the pee or smell the poop. Now you're saying you're tasting and smelling poop. Well, the pee is in your mouth and the poop is in your nose. What happens after that is beyond my control. Well, he's right there, Wayne. So? 'Kay, just. 'Kay, you wanna know what. 'Kay, let's all answer at the exact same time. And a one and a two and a one, two, three.  Poop. Pee. What the fuck was that shit? That is shameful, Dary. That is. Shame on you. Know what? I'd have a fuckin' spit! Now before we proceed, dost thou knoweth where Devon is? Who? Devon. No. No. Yes. Yes? No!  You appear. Felonious. You appear erroneous. How are we to know that you are not responsible for Devon's disappearance? I don't know, how are you? Still a little hurt and fragile from speaking with my father. But thank you for asking. That's not what she's saying, Roald.  What are you saying, Stewart? I'm just saying, as Devon fades, you materialize. Simple math. Child's play. Cool movie. Though I prefer Problem Child. Same. What's with the clown costume? Sit. Stay. Speak. What's with the clown costume? Don't you watch the news? There are clowns inflicting apprehension on the general public via sheer terrorism, or petty vandalism all over North America. So, you've coalesced with some sort of continental, intercolonial clown posse? I'm a bad seed. Staying out late, missing curfew, you know. I know. Kissing boys.  Hmm. I know. What is it you seek, Gae? Asylum. Remember Soul Asylum? Cool band. Though I prefer Soulfly. Same. Collective Soul? Or Soulwax. Wondrous. soulDecision? Asylum granted! Domo. Arigato. I'm here to rebel. Give me three good reasons why you feel you must rebel. I hate the world. I hate my parents. I hate myself. As you were. My parents banished me here for poor behavior. It is my goal to behave even worse in Letterkenny, so they have no choice but to bring me back. Formidable. Jocular. Allow us to assist. To aid. To be your asset. Oui. C'est bon. Prodigious. First rate. Boss. Incroyable. Hooray. But first. Our wardrobe craves alteration. What. What does that.   Okay, boys let's keep it simple, ferda. KISF principle, buddy. Keep it simple, ferda. Repetition is the key. Pick a topic. Beat the shit out of it, ferda. Topic is ugly.. The tip of the tongue, the teeth and lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth and lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth and lips. Fuck, are you ugly, 22. You're fuckin' ugly, 2's. Your ugly requires a sign, 22. Caution. Fuckin' ugly. Your ugly requires a disclaimer, 22. Parental Advisory. Explicit ugly. You're up. Hey. Ugly. You little bitch. Yorkie. Look at you, ugly. Scholtzy. You're ugly. Pussy. Fisky. Wow. Ugly. Boomtown! Oh, man. Ugly. Keep practicing, boys. Dig deep. Bare down, boys. That was a pisspoor start, buddy. Delicious pun, buddy, since we're pissing. That was ugly.  Well, you gotta work through adversity, find a way to win. Fore check. Back check. Pay check, buddy. Cross check. Hip check. Stick check? No, waving your stick's a free ticket to sit. Hate sittin', buddy. The boys'll figure it out in no time. The boys'll get the mental W, we'll get the scoreboard W. Ferda. Ferda.  . What are you pissing so close to the urinals for, you piece of shit? This is how a real man rocks a piss. Give your balls a tug, tit fucker. I'm coming, Shoresy! I heard the same thing from your mum last night five to seven times. And that's not even my record, you fuckin' loser. What the fuck, man! Sorry you had to do this, fellas. Jivin' Pete was supposed to be around with the sidewalk plow. Jivin's full of shits. Yeah, him and his pals are probably suckin' each other off right now. What did I say? Bad gas travels fast in a small town. You don't want him hearin' this from somebody else. It's dishonorable. Okay. Would you rather have a penis for a nose, or a vagina for a mouth? Hand me another horn 100% of the time. .all the time. Well, can you use them as functioning sex organs or are they just sorts of there? Mmm. No, they are not functional, so you can't have an orgasm through 'em and you can't take a piss through 'em. So then you're eatin' from a vagina mouth or sniffin' through a penis nose? Correct. All this vagina eating talk is getting this old goat all sorts of fired up, Wayne. Fair warning. 'Kay. I think I'd just have to say the vagina's mouth. It's just less intrusives. Well, it's gotta be the vagina mouth. Who wants a dink hangin' down bouncing off their lips all fuckin' day? Mmm. You're just walking me right into it at this point, cowboy. 'Kay. Let's. 'Kay, you know what? 'Kay. Let's all answer at the same time. And a one, and a two, and a one, two, three. Vagina mouth. Penis nose. Oh, that's fuckin' gross, Dan. That's fuckin' disgusting, Dan. Walking around with a mouthful of roast beef all day. Youse have never had a dick bouncing off your lips. Don't knock it till you've tried it. Fuck's sake. From this moment forward, we are a collective. A confab. A conclave. A clambake.  We are. FAKU. Freaks Acting Krayzee. United. Roald. Have you prepared the final accessory? FAKU! One gino tonight, but no W, ferda. One gino too, ferda, but no W tonight, boys. Gotta focus on the small victories, boys. Size matters, bro. All right boys, two seconds left. Let's show us what you got. Remember what we taught you, boys. Talk is for schmelts, you little bitch. We ain't schmelts. Schmelts. Okay, boys, we're running out of time on the scoreboard to do any talking. Try it our way, boys. Pick a topic. Beat the shit out of it. Yorkie? Topic is skate! Scholtzy. Fuckin' skate, 27. Pussy. Fisky. Skate, you fuckin' pylon. Boomtown! Come on, you fuckin' plug, skate! All right boys, now add a little English on it. Add a little hot sauce, boys. Add a little habanero pepper, ferda. Add a little ghost pepper, ferda! Come on, 27, you fuckin' sea salt sprinkling sally, skate! Yorkie? You think you're Chuck Galchenyuk? Nice microns, you fuckin' hipster dandy. Skate! Scholtzy. Skate! Pussy! Fisky. What's wrong with you, you fuckin' cement boot, no legs, cupcake cocksman? Skate! Boomtown! I hate you like I hate puck bunnies, bitch. Skate!   Oh! Yeah, fuckin' loved that move when I was in the third grade. What else can you do, you ugly fuck? Can you suck my knob? You're a knob sucker, 27.     Whoo!. Would you guys rather be surrounded by three bed bugs every night of your life, or three mosquitoes every day of your life?. You're an idiot, Daryl. Are you allowed to kill the bed bugs or the skeeters? No. So, they're immortal bed bugs or skeeters? Would you rather be surrounded by three bed bugs every night of your life, or three mosquitoes every day of your life? No ostrich fuckers here, hicks. I hear you're going around town saying I'm full of shit. Jivin' Pete.  Bad gas travels fast in a small town. Yes, I did say that. And that my friends and I are so into ourselves we probably suck each other off? Yes, I did say that too. Would you say it to my face? I'm embarrassed this got to you before you heard it from me. You should be. I'm not the type of prick to take the side door. I'll come right up front and knock. Good. Knockknock. Who's. You're at Jivin' Pete's. I think you're full of shit and you and your pals think so much of yourselves you probably suck each other off. JIVIN'. Are you fuckin' serious? What's anybody gonna do about it? Say you're sorry. JIVIN'. I'm sorry. Don't honk at girls, and don't holler at girls. And don't talk to them when they're not interested in talking to you. And don't talk to 'em unless they're interested in talking to you. 104? Over and out. You're packing up for a fishin' trip with your pals the other day. I loves fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? Great fishin' in Kyubec. I fucking hate Quebec. This guy's fuckin' Puppers. Oh, I'm havin' flash snacks. To what? To last time we went fishing. On the ride home, I had to sit in between a family size of Salt'n Vinnies and a party pack of Dill Picklers. Admittedly, last time, things got a little out of whack, when it comes to the snacks. We deserve the flak, but now we're back on track. We have a new plan of attack. Everything we pack has to fit in this sack. We made a snack pact. All these have to start with the letter C, in fact. A, stop rhyming. B, why C? Well, we trieds A. Apples. And we trieds B. Bananas. But C gave us many choice options. Cookies. Crackers. Cheese. Chocolates. See? And then we're on to D, and so forth.  Mmm. Love the D. Pardon? Why does jerky get to come? It's Caribou jerky. What about the nuts? Corn nuts. And the beer?  Cold beer. There's too much choice in the world. How do you fig, Newton? Well, look at toothpaste. It used to be just Colgate or Crest. Now there's like 20 kinds of each. Whitening. Brightening. Enlightening. Goddamn right'ning. It's goddamn frightening. Nice work, double D's. Oh, speaking of double D's, Mrs. McMurray went to the casino with her pals the other night, so McMurray and I went to the rippers. When the cat's away, the mice will play. Where was my invite? Get this, one of the stripper's names. Tell us on the road. Let's go fishin'. I loves fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? Great fishin' in Kyubec. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. I'll get myself a Puppers. It's nice to have a break from you guys naming your own burps. On the way homes, we'll be spelling our own farts. Hey, you pretty near need consonants for that. I's and T's, and some P's. That's maybe smart. Anywho, about the rippers. Oh, tell us when you get there. There's lots of time for telling stories when you go fishin'. I loves goin' fishings in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? It's great fishin' in Kyubec. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. And everybody else in it, too. What's the problem, poopypants? Well, for one thing, you can never tell what the hell they're sayin' half the time, that's for one thing. Ignorance is bliss, bud. Yeah, they should figures it out. Maybe you should figure it out. Okay, you try to name me one good guy that's a French guy. You try to name it. Go ahead and try. I bet Corey Hart's a pretty good guy. I'm not sure that he's a French guy. You'd trust somebody's who wears sunglasses at night?. Name me another French guy that's a good guy. Go ahead and try. Well, what's about that guy from the alien show? 3rd Rock from the Sun? That's the one. John Lithgow? Nope. French Stewart? Yeah, that's the one. He's not French. Well, his name is French. That guy squints too much. Well, they can take a walk, the whole lot of 'em. Dary, I think there's something much deeper at play here. Can confirm. What's the story? All right, well, so this one time. Oh, tell us when we get there. There's lots of time for tellin' stories when you're goin' fishin'. Great day for sleighin', huh, Dan? It's a toboggan. So, Dary, what's the story? Which one? I'd hear the ripper story now. Well, I'd hear why you hate French people so much. Doesn't hate 'em. He loves 'em, that's the problem. No, I don't. Do too. No, I do not. Yeah, you do. You love French gals but hate that they don't love you. Dary, please explain. Well, every time there's a French gal I kinda like, I have a real hard time explaining to her that I kinda like her 'cause she only speaks French. And I'm not a good enough lookin' dude to get by on just my looks. Aw, Dary. Give this guy a fuckin' Puppers. And, if there's like, an English gal I kinda like but there's a French dude around, you know she's goin' home with the French dude 'cause the English gals love French dudes. Can confirm. And English dudes love French gals. Can confirm. That's why they can take a walk, the whole lot of 'em. All right, well let's hear the ripper story, then. Yeah. Oh. Okay. Okay, so me and McMurray went to the rippers the other night, and there was this stripper and her name was. Allanus Morissette. I loves it when they do variations on real people's names. Like, uh, Avril Vagine. Nelly Furtaco. Alec Baldwang.  Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yep, but, but. Allanus Morrisette. Sm'ellen Degenitals. Oh, Meryl Strip. Hannibal Lickedher. Dongie Darko. Count Dracuload. Oh, that's a fun one, too, 'cause it lends itself to good costumes. And that's just so camp. Yeah, yeah, but no, no, but. Allanus Morrisette.   Okay, guys.    Who's that? The French.   Boys. Boys. What is that, you little bitch? What's the red stuff, schmelts? Shred the red, boys. Shred the red, boys. Less meals, all wheels. Protein powder program. Meal suppies. Meal scheddie looks like this, boys. Breakfast, Shreddies. Lunch, shreddie the reddies. Dinner, spaghettis. Shit. Only thing about shredding the red is a few more trips to the shit shed, boys. A few more trips to brown town, buddy.  Table for one at the Pooza Hut.  Gotta let the jerseys out of the barn, bro. You'll be Russian to a state visit with Splatamir Pootin. Drown a few brown snakes, bro. Couple of King Cobra coilers, boys. King Kong coilers, boys. Fuck my entire fuckin' life, if you titfuckers light a match in here, the whole fuckin' barn's goin' up. Give your balls a tug. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly. Fight me, see what happens.  Yeah? What's gonna happen, Shoresy? Three things, I hit you, you hit the pavement, I jerk off on your driver's side door handle. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Tell your mom to top up the cell phone she bought me so I can FaceTime her late night. I don't think we can trust her. Pourquoi, Roald? She's got that look. What? You know when somebody comes to your party and does all your drugs, then tells everybody that you're the drug addict? Sit. Stay! FAKU's mission moving forward is hereby labeled, Operation Gae. Objective? Find a way to get Gae back to the city, as per her wishes. Danke schoen. Danke stop, you're not even German. Danke shut your mouth, Roald.  Modus operandi, create mailbox mayhem. Our Operation Gae HQ is here. During the last gasp of daylight, we will skulk into our various positions here, here, here, and here. Then upon clown sundown, we will wreak havoc all over town. We'll deposit the contraband in my trunk and we will dump our load. Here. In the Dollar Store parking lot. To clarify, you want to steal mailboxes? Affirmative. That's a federal crime.   Are you scared? No.  Ooh! Oh! Ooh, ooh. Best of all, Wayne et al., will assume the destruction was caused by Tanis and her crew again. It's perfect. Hey, maybe could urinate in the mailboxes too, you know. To underline how pissed off we are. Roald! You're in FAKU now. It's serious. You're in. Or you're out. I acquiesce. We are FAKU. Freaks Acting Krazee United! Give me three good reasons why you feel you must rebel. I hate the world. I hate my parents. I hate myself. I hate they. FAKU!. FAKU! Not only are they gal hoggers, they're louder than a bunch of. Goat. Goddamn stranded seals over there. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. I got a Puppers right there. Hey! Didn't they teach you how to pipe down in CEGEP?   Hey! He said simmers down, so simmers down! Why don't you go eat some tartars, you snails suckin' mime lovers? Uh. I don't know what the fuck you're saying, but turn that shit down! I would rather have Celine Dion. What do they say about arguing with idiots? They'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience. Over and out. I can be helpful here, fellas. No we. We got this. We got this. I still don't know what the fuck you're saying, but you're saying it now in a hostile tone. And youse don't speak to us in a hostile tone. I still don't know what the fuck you're saying, but other than Georges StPierre, every Frenchman is a fuckin' pussy! So youse better simmer down and I mean right now! Well, why don't you go to a poutine festival in the Thetford Mines? Why don't you go canoe in the three rivers, you inbred fur traders? Go eat a Nanaimo Bar in Kamloops. I fuckin' know what that means. I love Nanaimo Bars. 'Cause you do pot. Yeah. Then why don't you go savagely force feed a duck and then enjoy your foie gras in a sugar shack, Trudeau? Why don't you go snowshoe into the Bell Centre to watch backtoback soldout Simple Plan shows, then go eat some Montreal smoked meat, you bagelmunching, rope pissers? Anik!. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft.   Pfft. No, you're a cock on a vine! You know what, Dan? Sit down. You know, this one's off the beaten path a wee bit, but do you ever notice how French people go pfft at the end of a sentence? Yeah. Yeah, I noticed that. French people do that all the time. They end a sentence and they go pfft. I don't knows if I follows. Well, like if you were an English person going pfft at the end of a sentence, like French people go pfft at the end of the sentence, the sentence would probably be something like, You get so drunk some nights you piss the bed, but other nights you get so stoned you can't piss at all, so pfft. Yeah, or like your guy says, Sex isn't good anymore. And you're like, Well, how do you think I feel? All you put into it is your dick, pfft. You wanna know what's kind of fun to make fun of 'em for? Is if right after they go pfft, you go. Do that again.  So like, You like having casual sex 'cause he gives you some good, but at the end of the day, he doesn't give you a God damn, so, pfft.  Pfft. Pfft! Pfft.  And you know what else? None of youse knows where to put the S's in your God damn sentences. So why don't you go get tricked by a Just For Laughs Gags before you have to hold a referendum to separate my foot from your ass! Choice words, super chief.   Now that was a big turd, period, brother. You gotta have a big turd, buddy. Sniped a penalty shit, bro. Finally got the pooer play clickin', bro. Almost had to foreshit the game. Too many poominute penalties. So what? You boys ready to shred the red? Shreddy the reddy, boys. Try it for praccy. Not sure I want a trouser brownie, you little bitch. Yorkie? Not sure I'm up for smuggling FudgeeOs either, Barts. Scholtzy. Not sure I'm up for squishy poopies. If it ain't yumsies in my tumsies, my poopies go squishies. Pussy. Fisky. I've been stocking nut like Bulk Barn. Boomtown! In. That's what I fuckin' love about you, Boomtown. Love the jam, Boomtown. Love it! Shred the red!. Shred the red. Shred the red!. Shred the red! Shred the red!. Shred the red!. Shred the red! Shred the red!. Shred the red! Shred the red! She is hot. I'm pretty sure the French word for hot is chaud. I'd like to chaud her something. Why don't you invite her to the chaise lounge, Dary? I would. Except I wouldn't be able to understand what she's saying half the time. And I'm not a good enough looking guy to get by on just my looks. Aw, Dary. Cheer up, Dary. Despite those frogs, whose wives can't even take their last names. I'm pretty sure they don't use middle names over there either. No middle names? It's 2015. No, it's not. I loves fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? It's great fishin in Kyubec. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. Pfft! Pfft!  Pfft!  Pfft!  Well, I guess everybody understands body language. Anik is gone forever. Aw, next time, you'll know to strike while the iron's hot, big shooter. I just can't catch a break. Oh, you got one.  Oh. Hey. Eh? Oh, bother. Oh! Too hot. I've had a hearty, boys.  Mudslide, budski. Oh, no. I've shit my pants.  You little bitch. Yorkie. I've cranked an eightball in my sportsshorts. Scholtzy?   Peak behind door number two to see my little poop de Ville. It's my little deuce poop. Pussy. Fisky. I've had a blumpy. A grumpy blumpy. Boomtown? I'm ready to get the lead out. I'm ready to. Wait. I shit my pants, too. I'm sorry. This is on you, you little bitch. I'm gonna get you, schmelt! Cops are so dumb. Cops are mushrooms. I'll need you to expound, Gae. What do you do with mushrooms? Are we talking Portobello? Shiitake? Chanterelles? I can cook, you know. You give them shit and keep them in the dark. Roald. Are you afflicted? What are you. Ow! Roald? Give me three reasons why you feel you must rebel. I hate the world. I hate my parents. I hate myself! As you were. FAKU! What a bust. Pretty pedestrian effort, super chieftains. Only fish we caught was the one Cock Cousteau tossed over at us. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Can't catch a break here. Oh, bother. Degens from upcountry. No ostrich fuckers in Quebec, hicks. Well, we are way the fucks outnumbered, bud. It's not how many you win, it's how many you show up for. Is that a No Fear slogan? Likely. Bienvenue au Quebec. Your brother's hot.  Do you speak English? Oui. Yes. Yes. Oui. No problem. Of course.  Bon. Well, it's best to avoid a scrap when you're goin' fishin'. But you hate degens from up country too, huh? Yeah? And where exactly is upcountry Kyubec? Laval. My whole life, I've hated the French. You can't understand what they're saying half the fuckin' time. And I couldn't land one of your beautiful women if my life depended on it. As far as I'm concerned, youse can take a walk, the lot of youse. But then youse had our back today. Yeah. Oui. I loves me fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? Great fishin' in Kyubec. I fuckin' love Quebec. Hear, hear! Cheers!  Sante! Merci, mes amis. Thank you. I'm Anik. I'm Daryl. I think you're really goodlooking. Um, I was looking at you and I see you look at me so, pfft. You speak English. Pretty much everyone in Quebec does. Wow. Do you like Alanis Morissette? Oui. You were fishing with your pals the other day. Wayne. Dary. You should get yourself fuckin' Puppers. I already got a fuckin' Puppers. I know you're still spittin' about the shack gettin' trashed. But if you don't tuck in that lip, a bird's gonna come over here and poop right on it. What do I say about talkin' too much, Dary? The less you say now, the less you have to apologize for later. Good. All I'm saying is, if you're gonna be poopy, maybe go try fishing with somebody else. What do I say about the old boss, Dary? Old boss is always a dick till you meet the new one. Good. Plus, I think, the only other people out here fishing are either Ginger or Boots, who may not have fucked an ostrich like everybody thinks they did. Point and fuckin' proof. You give good advice, Wayne. Well, what's good for the goose is good for the gander. Oh, you're GD right is. Let's just hope she doesn't go in one ear and out the other, bud. Guess what? Chicken butt. That's inappropriate, Dan. Why? Well, you were just out in the great wide open but you wait till you come back in here to drop your guts? Now, just hold your horses, Wayne, for just one second. I farted outside, too. Oh, that is noisy, Dan. Are you fuckin' serious with that turtleneck? Figure it out. You figure it out. Like, that's damn near doctorassisted, Dan. It's a little bit overripe, but it's not like I'm falling aparts on the inside. Do you wanna know what? It's time we draw a line in the sand. Or the snow, so to speak. On farts? On farts! The less you say now, the less you have to apologize for later. Good. But I've had it. Let's get real here. You rip an appropriate fart, we all have a giggle, salute and pay tribute. For a good time, Tim, Tom and Terrence. But the inappropriate farts gotta go. The inappropriate farts are turning us into a bad time Tony, Todd and Tucker. Oh, I can'ts wait. And I mean this. I can't wait to find out what could possibly be deemed an inappropriates fart. Farting in here. In here? With the door closed, yeah. Tight quarters. No airflow. Poor form. But I'm with friends. That's who farts are for. Around food, too. Around food? Especially around people eating food. That's fuckin' ignorant. But I'm eatings, too. That's when I'm rife with farts. Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Let's do an exercise here. You're in a car, when's it okay to fart? When you're alone. One point for Dary. It's always okay to fart when you're alone, but 'cept when you're in elevators. That's uncouth. You're trying to rob me of my lifebloods here. Or you can roll down the window. Another point for Dary. But the car must be traveling a minimum of 60 kilometers an hour, so that the fart may be aggressively vacuumed out before penetrating nostrils. This is literally all I have going for me. If you ask permission? Hmm. Well, safe to say, if you have to ask for permission it's an inappropriate fart, but I'll still give you a half a point. The cheekiness. The indecencys of it. It's downright abusives, is what it is! Hey. Is that any way to talk to a guy with two and a half points? Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. You wanna know what? If you needs me, I'm gonna be outsides. Farting appropriately! How cold is it out there tonight? Minus 40 with the wind chill. Old boss is always a dick till you meet the new one. Good. All right, you fuckin' pheasants. All right, you fuckin' pheasants! Coach. Playersonly meeting. I'm so sorry. All right, you fuckin' pheasants. Now, we love being the biggest Pantene pros in the league, but we want some wins. We love being the silkiest studs, but no W's is embarrassing. I mean, I buried a onetimer, a backhandclappertop cheese last night, boys. But who cares? No W. I buried a kneedown halfclapper from the goal line. Big whoop. No W. And if we want some wins in this room, we gotta get the puck bunny out of it. What's a puck bunny, you little bitch? You don't know what a puck bunny is? Not sure I'm familiar with the term either, Barts. Okay. Whereas musicians have groupies, hockey players have puck bunnies. Hmm. Right? Yeah. Right? Get it? I think I understand. A puck bunny is someone who seeks a relationship with hockey players, specifically. Seeks to fuck them. Yes. I have no problem with that. Right. Unless the puck bunny is getting in the way of wins. Any puck bunnies getting in the way of W's come to mind? I once tonguekissed a woman in line for the beer gardens at a dragon boat race, after she said she liked my team jacket. But I don't think she was a puck bunny. You little bitch. Yorkie? I once openmouth firstbased a woman I delivered a gourmet coffee gift card to, after she won at a team fundraiser raffle draw. I don't think she was a puck bunny. Scholtzy? I once got an overthepants handy in the back seat of a Pontiac Bonneville, during a drivein screening of Slap Shot. But I don't think she was a puck bunny. Pussy. Fisky? I once got a rigfriggin' gherkinslurpin' behind a gumball machine at a bubble hockey tournament, but I don't think she was a puck bunny. Boomtown? I once accidentally shit my pants while masturbating in 2010, when Crosby scored an OT to win gold, while I was simultaneously midorgasm. There was no one else there. But don't you think that's a good story? Right, I'm just gonna go ahead and spell this right the fuck out for you, boys. The girl that you're all in love with, she's a puck bunny. You better not be talking about my little Angiebojangles, you little bitch. Yorkie? She's my wittle Angiebopeepers, so sweet when she sleepers, Barts. But still. They better not be talking about her. Scholtzy? Angie gives me butterflies in my wittle bread basketywasket. Pussy. Fisky? It's the little things she does, giving me kisses at night when she thinks I'm asleep, but I'm not. So soopiddywooper cute. Poopiddyboopitywoowoo. Boomtown? No one acknowledged my story from 2010. Maybe I've said too much. I'm feelin' insecure! Barts. Yorkie. Scholtzy. Boomtown. Fisky. Let's get some appys. You're tearing us apart! Hey! We need to talk. Hey, bud. Sick dangles last weekend. Mix in a W, but still. Unreal roadie for the boys. Listen. You too, bud. Silky, silky mitts last weekend. Loved that kneedown halfclapper. Unreal. What did you want to talk about, bud? Nothing. Sicky. What about you, bud? Nothing. Unreal. Well, I'm gonna go crush a sando. Appys a hundy P, boys. Oh, I hate that.  She's speaking puck bunny, bro. Aw, God, girls who don't play hockey should not talk like hockey players, bud. No. Hey! Girls who don't play hockey, stop talking like hockey players. Why would girls think we like that, bud?. We fuckin' hate that! Ah, man, we might be waxed here, bud. I mean, I want W's, but I can't talk to her. I can't do it. I'll fucking pop. I'm with you, bro. I was already starting to snapcrackle. Unless. We find someone who can talk to her. Unless. We find someone who can speak puck bunny. You thinking what I'm thinking? Ferda. Ferda. We gotta move fast, buddy. Smoke bomb. Ninja dust! Well, where were you? Diggin' out your sled. Thanks, big brother. Don't say I never done nothin' for you. Inappropriate. Whys? 'Cause you're not supposed to fart in front of girls. True story. You're suffocatings me. That's a twoway street. Hey, oh! All right. Let's focus on the shack. How we gonna fuck this pig? Step ones. We figure out who dids it. Well, I sent Shep and Kingsley to take photos of the damage in the daylight. Photos? They're on here. Sorry if my big fat thumb was in the way of some of them. Hope so. It'll hide my big fat chunky butt. I fuckin' know these dudes do pot. Guys. If I was part of a religious community of men, I'd be a Tibetan chunk. If I was an Adam Sandler movie, I'd be PunchChunk Love. Like, you know it's more than sugar cereal. Enough. If I was an American rapperDJ, I'd be Chunkmaster Flex. If I was an animated popmusic tribute trio, I'd be Alvin and the ChipChunks. Guys! Go upstairs. Stay there. You've outdone yourself this time, kiddo. Shut up. They are perks. Stimulatings conversations? Well, they're stimulating, all right. Huh? Nothing! Photos. Oh, God. Well, what's the scoop, super chief? Oh, it's degens from up country all right. How do you know? All the different patches of yellow snows. Degens loves pissing outdoors. Fuckin' degens.  Mmm, Dan's right. See that spatter of blood right there? That's from a bloody nose. Degens always got their finger up their nose. I fuckin' hate degens from up country so much. You know, Jivin' Pete's been hanging out with those dudes too. Hmm. Does it feel like we're spending a lot of time dealin' with degens? You know, it does kind of feel like sometimes you just wake up in the morning and start dealing with degens from up country, doesn't it? Only way to handles 'em. We'll find 'em, beat the shit out of them. 104, good buddies. Guys, what did I say? It's just, can we have the photos back? We want to use them for our portfolios. Put a fuckin' shirt on! PitterPatter!   We knocked twice, but nobody answered. Frick and Frack? Come in. Hi, KatyKat. Hey, KatyKat. Pete and Repeat. Hola. You look great. Aw, you trying make this old goat's day? I really like your hair, too. Ticktock. Um, we need a favor. Ferda. Okay. There's a puck bunny. So, the boys are getting laid. A bad kind of puck bunny. So, a lot of the boys are getting laid. She's divided the room. I bet she divides in a room. And we want W's, so. So, she's gotta go.  Yes! Players only meeting. Yeah, we tried that. Boys aren't really receptive. Mmm. She's a clever little bunny. We tried also talking to her too, but. She speaks puck bunny and.  And what? She drives us mental, boys. We can't hang. Like, girls who don't play hockey shouldn't talk like hockey players, boys. We fucking hate that. I should've packed a lunch for this. We need somebody who speaks puck bunny. We were hoping, you could speak puck bunny to her. For us. Ferda W's. Ferda. Okay, I used to speak puck bunny. Forgot most of it. It's kind of one of those languages you need to really immerse yourself in to master. Let's see if I can remember some. Don't judge my accent. Sick mitts, bud. Oh, that's good. Mix in a water. Unreal. That's really good. Wheel snipe, celly, boys. Dirty fuckin' dangles, boys! That's really good. You nailed it. Not my pig, not my farm. Plus, this girl sounds like she rolls. I should meet her one day. Adios. Well, you have met her already though. I have? Yeah, Angie. The Angie?. Yes. In. Look at this mess! Look at all the dirty buttfilled cans. Degenerates. Bet that's not your first dirty butt fill. Inappropriate. Why? Uh, Joint Boy's right in the line of fire there. Somebody likes some Montreal steak spice in their tomato soup. Well, McMurray. How're ya now? Not so bad. That's. I'm good, and. Well. Are we gonna do. Whatever. So, every time. Every time we do this. We're gonna. McMurray! What? Now, no one likes beatin' up degens more than you, so we figured we'd give you a dang. Tyson, Joint Boy, youse helped us put up the shack, so only makes sense you help us defend it. Now, they got us on the weekend. We should nip this in the bud now, before they get the rest of Letterkenny. Well, that's all fine and dandy, Wayne, but I had to hire a hand to do the chores in my absence. You'll have to cover his wages. Same. I'm on nights right now. That's double time. You should try EI. Fuckin' degens from up country. It's costing us money to beat the shit out of these degens. Wells, if we wants to beats the shits out of 'em so bad that they nevers come backs, we're gonna need these guys. You know degens, they always come back. See, they're always coming back, is the thing. PitterPatter. Bought and paid for, for fuck sake. Dary. We're gonna advertise a party for degens, egg huckers, nose pickers, mailbox ruiners. And what we're gonna do is hide in degen blinds, which are very similar to deer blinds. And we are gonna put one right here. And over there, and there, and here. And that way, when the degens come rolling up on their sleds, we jump out of those degen blinds, and beat the shit out of them. Well, that's a good idea, Dary, except it's Tuesday. It sounds more like a Friday night thing, or even a Saturday night thing, or even a Sunday thing if you're squirrelly. Can't forget, of course, thirsty Thursdays. It's fuckin' Tuesday. I'd have a gagger right now. Now, I'm no American sniper style troubleshooter, but I'd say the next step is to discuss a stronger lure to get them out here. Well, whats do degens loves? Well, besides nosepickin', pissin' outside, nothing. Well, there are many things that if you were to watch the evening news, you would stop and say to yourself, What a fuckin' degenerate son of a bitch. I would say at the top of the list would probably be. Racists. God damn right. Racists is definitely degens. That's right, big hoss. Exactly. So, here's what we could do. Now, hear me out, just hear me out. What we could do is we advertise a party for ethnicities out here at the shack. And we could use the ethnicities to lure out the degens that we wants to beat the shits out of. Fuck sakes, that's offsides. Well, you didn't let me finish, Boss Hogg. So, what we could do, okay, is once we bring the ethnicities out here, we could beat up the degens before they could try to beat up the ethnicities. You're still walkin' a super fine line there, big chief. You didn't let me finish. See, what we can do now, is have the ethnicities help us beat up the degens like some kind of fantasy revenge of love of asswhooping. I guess I've seen that in a Quentin Tarantino film one or three times. Abort. There is that one thing you see in the news and immediately think, What a fuckin' degenerate. Well, to be fair. To be fair. To be fair. To be fair. There's more than a couple of things. Homophobists. Yeah. Yeah, no. Homophobes is definitely degens. You mean, like gaybashing. That's the one. That's the worst. Yeah, you're right. That is so gay. Wait, that there is homophobics. Who is? The less you say now, the less you have to apologize for later. Good. You see, Professor Tricia from my women's studies class teaches us that homophobia is not just condemning homosexualitys, but it's also not using the appropriate and preferred terms what homosexuals likes to be called by. Yeah, but they call themselves twinks sometimes. Like, I'd be offended by that. I might be offended by that, too. You see, where I'm from, sometimes when people think things are dumb or stupid, they just say that it's gay. Yeah, but you're not exposed to say that anymore. Are you a homophobes? No. Well, 'cause what you said was definitely homophobics. Fucks this is a lot of work. Hmm. It's like pickin' stones and doin' hay all at once. Fuckin' degens. I'm pretty sure you're a homophobist. I beat the shit out of you one time for beating up a gay. Yeah, I didn't know he was gay. He called me a fag. Well, this certainly has come full circle. Yeah, see, but youse being offendeds at being calleds a fag, is also technically homophobics. I'm gonna take a fuckin' migraine here. Well, see, where I'm from. We all knows where youse comes from, McMurray, but times they are a changin'. I think we can all agree here that homophobists are degenerates. You call the rest a misunderstanding. Call it a fuckin' day here. Ah, you had good intentions. Well, wait, just so I understand here, using gays to lure degens out here is just as bad, if not worse, than using ethnicities to lure degens out here that we wants to beats the shit out of? Christ sake. And Tyson didn't even say that the gays would help us beat up the degens, where the ethnicities would. So, I think it's obvious here, boys, my idea has a clear edge. Mmm, I think it's quite obvious that using human lures is pretty extreme. I'd really likes for you to meet Professor Tricia. Okay, so using gays is homophobic. Tip of the iceberg, bud. What about, fake gays? Well, what's a fake gays? Well, someone who may appear to be gay, but is not actually gay. And therefore, it would not be gaybashing. Well, yes, you'd wanna avoid a hate crime if you could. So, you wants to use fake gays to lures the degens? Perhaps. Okay, listen. Just so long as everyone's heard my messages loud and clears. I thinks I can lives with that. Okay. This has been very diplomatic and rational. I think the next step in the order of business here, would be to go and find some fake gays for these degenerates to beat up. I know where to look. Put a fuckin' shirt on. Barts. Yorkie. Schultzy. Fisky. Katy? Hey, bud. Hey, bud. The boys are supposed to have just dusted praccy. Aw, twoadays. They're on dry land now. Unreal. Hundy P. Been wheelin'? Been turnin' on the jets, yeah. Some notches on the bed post? I've been notching. Hashtag notch or die. Eat. Sleep. Notch. Who? Been making my way up the roster. A full roster? No callups, obviously. Yeah, of course. They're not even schmelts yet. And not Reilly and Jonesy. I'd never touch them. I'd never want to piss you off. About that. Yeah? Do you remember when you cheated on my brother? Yeah. And I went around town telling everyone that I was going to get you? Yeah. But then you left town, so I couldn't. Couldn't what? Get you. Yeah. I guess, I could still. Get you. Yeah. Stay away from this dressing room. Yeah. And all the players in it. Yeah. Especially Reilly and Jonesy. Yeah. And one more thing. Yeah? Open your eyes.  Fuckin' get after it then. Hey, big brother. Good and you? Don't say I never done nothin' for ya. Konnichiwa. You are an embarrassment, Devon. For shame, Devon!. A girl! You know, not to bitch and complain. Not to piss and moan. It's a lot of work, these fuckin' degens, I know. Figures you have to look at the checklist. Advertised for a gay party? We really need some sort of bar in this town. Or homosexual. Or queers. You know, however they choose to be identified. Check. Recruited fake gays. God, those guys are pansies. Check. Tidied up the area in and around the shack to make it look presentable for a fake gay party. Took all goddamn day, but. Check. Constructed degen blinds, so that we may hide out and wait for the degens to try and ambush the fake gay party. Fucks it cold. Check. Paid Tyson and McMurray their wages, so as to help us beat the shit out of the degens. Fuckin' degens. Check. You should really try EI. Right, then we're ready to get this rig rollin'. Not a moment too soon. Here they come. Okay, everybody into their degen blind. When the motion sensor light bulb comes on, time to jump out and beat the shit out of the degens. Thank Christ. 'Cause if there was even one more chore, I mean, even one more chore involved in beating the shit out of degens from up country, I'd be pulling the chute.   Okay, gonna need to replace the light bulb on the motion sensor light. No! Oh, hot Jimmy. My farmhand just texted me and said he's got the scoots, he's gotta go home. Means I gotta go chorin' boys. McMurray, tell him to drop trou' in the gutter like a real man. Be the boss, McMurray. Oh, I don't wanna be a dick. What if he shits himself? Old boss is always a dick till you meet the new one. Good. Shit! Boss needs me to come in. It's an emergency. Yeah, the wheels are falling off here, good buddy. Well, we needs Tyson and McMurray, there's gonna be a baker's dozen sleds coming around the corner, and we are way the fucks outnumbered. Wanna know what? All this work involved in luring these degens out here, all these fuckin' chores. Fuckin' cold. We bring these shirtless nut sacs out here to be fake gay dudes. I'm still not sure how I feel about that. Yeah, there's something wrong. I don't know what it is, or why, but there is. It's not quite sexist, but it's not quite homophobist. It's something though. I know it is. It's not PCs, that's for damn sures. I'm just thinking, all this work luring them out, wouldn't the more efficient thing be to repel them? That's a Texassized 104! I'm farting! Appropriate! Well, I could always stay to just kick the shit out of them just 'cause they're here. And then I have to leave right away, right after, to get back to chorin'. Fuck! Same. EI, boys.  Well, yeah. Like, we're already out here. We're already set up. We'll beat the shit out of them before chorin'. Well, maybe next time we'll just try to repels them. Well, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Well, what could we put out here that would make sure that nobody ever came out here for anything ever? I know where to look! It had to have been a sick ostrich. All right. After autumn. Ask anyone around the area about accuracy. Arctic activities are abundant, astonishing, astounding and A1 on all accounts. Back up. But before beach bodies, bros better bundle up in boots, blankets, and balaclavas because a bloody, bitter breeze will blow brisk, blustery and bleak. Careful. Correct and common to cocoon in a cap, coat and comforter, because a cutting cold can consume your character, occasionally create a corpse and continually compress your cock. Don't. Don't you dare dawdle, dillydally, or dick around after dark in December, she's definitely damn drafty if you're down a duvet. Easily. Each and every earthling's environmentally enslaved. Fact. It's fucking freezing. It's friggin' frigid. You're fit for flu in February without fleece, flannel, fullfledged furnace, or fire. Go on. It's goddamn glacial, go grab gloves or garb and gear up for gusts. Hear ya. Hypothermia, if you don't heat your home to half hellish it's harsh. Hibernate in a hoodie, hot chocolate, Harry and the Hendersons. Infinitely icy. Inhabit indoors. Isolated and insulated. Incubate the igloo. Illness is an issue. Influenzas implied. Infections imminent. Immunity is impossible. Just joking. Ah, just joshin' jargon. It ain't jail. Jackets in January's no jigsaw. Keep calm. Killjoys keep comfy in their kingdom, crashing kilos of Kleenex, keen for cozy kayaking with their kids when the key is killing kegs with your kin. Literally. Losers live life locked in their layers, lingering lazy and lifeless, lost like legit loners, while the leaders in larger learning let loose. Muff. Earmuffs, mittens and mucus medicine, till mighty maniacal Mother Nature makes milder, mellower, and meltier moves. Motivate your mates, like the Moose Marc Messier. Maybe mix a martini for your maiden, if you've met your match. Nature. Naturally nippy, but that's nothin' new up north. Normal naturistic narrative. Not national news. Overcast. Overcoats and overshoes, obviously. Polar. Parkas and pullovers, particularily. Tried quail? A quantity of quality quilts is quaint and quasiquintessential to avoid quivering and quash quarrelling if quarantined to one's quarters. Try quail. Reindeer. Well, not raw rookie. In a rosemaryrubbed roast with radish, wrapped in rich, rare bacon after removing Rudolph's red nose. Sleddin'. So, we're sound. Sled's a synonym for snowmobiles. Snowmobile's a synonym for sled. So, a sled is a snowmobile, a snowmobile is a sled. Super? Terrific. Trust a traditional turtleneck to maintain a toasty temperature over time. Ugly. Useful. Vile. Valuable. Whatever. Whiteouts and wind chills, walk it off, whiners. Withdraw whimpering and wake up, wankers. Wrathful wicked weather. Wear woolens or waterproof wardrobe. Warm your wet workwear by the woodstove. Winter is wonderful, wild and wide. Exactly. Exceptionally. Yup. Yeah. Zero. Degrees? Well, subzero. Aw, zip it. Guess those idiots won't be bothering us anymore, neeyawa. How are you now? Please don't talk to me like a fuckin' hick. Not so bad. Are you serious with that fuckin' turtleneck? You lose a lot of heat in the neck. I'm okay, if that's what you're askin'. That's what I'm askin'. I wasn't ready to have a kid. Well, that is your choice to make. You're goddamn right it's my choice. Sure, it is. I'm glad I took care of it. Well, that is your right. You're goddamn right it's my right. I'm not even sure if it was yours, but thank you. Thanks for the smokes and Pepperettes. I'll see ya when I see ya, boo. Over and out. You gots a cold there, Darys? Hmm, just a cough. Well, you knows what they says. If you don't take care of a cold, she'll stay for seven days. If you take care of it, she'll be gone in a week. Yep. We can't promise summers but we'll guarantees winters. You fuckin' serious with that turtleneck? Yeah, you lose a lot of heat in the neck. Jivin' Pete says he pulls a pikes outta here yesterday. Heard Jivin's been hanging out with some degens from up country. He's a decent guy, but ain't no way he pulled no pike outta here yesterday. Says he pulled a pikes, a perch, a wallseyes and a trout. Is that a brook trout? No, it'd be lake trout. Why's that? 'Cause we're on a fuckin' lake, Dary. I'm hungry. There's whitefish in the cooler. Well, how the fuck did that get there? I pulled outta here before you's got here. No, you never. Did too. No, you never. Did too. No, you never. If you did you'd still be talking about it. Oh yeah, well, where'd it come from then? Well, you brought it from home likely. Well, there's nothin's even to cooks it on anyways. You gonna let that stop you? What do you means? Haven't you ever heard of sashimis? Sashimis? Oh, I got time for sashimis. What about sushi? Sushis. Oh, I got so much time for sushis. Yeah, we should pull it out and hack it out and down the hatch. Oh no, I knows what it is, I just. I just don't think you needs to put an s on the end to that word. Hey, Dary, you ever had sushis with shrimps? Yeah. You ever had sushis with unagis? Yeah. That's eels. Oh, I know that's eels. I just. I'm pretty sure you don't needs an s to pluralize those words. Hey, Dary, you ever had sashimis with salmons? Oh, yeah. You ever had sashimis with tunas? Yeah. With wasabis? Oh, yeah. Love wasabis. I like wasabis, too. If asks you politelys to stop this, would you do it? Oh, you can have yellowfin tunas, bluefin tunas. I think tunas make the best sashimis. I thinks I'm having a panics attack. Well, the Japanese call the bluefin tunas maguro tunas, those are kind of like the default tunas that they use in sushis. Yeah, but toro is a more expensive tuna but it makes the best sashimis. Oh, it's way better than salmons. Hey! When's. When's Katy's gettin' back from the citys? Oh, she'll come back when she's good and ready. She'll figure it out. I figure she'll be back for sledding season. Oh, Katy loves sleddin'. It chap your ass at all that there's only one shack on the shed trail through Letterkenny? Well, it doesn't chap my ass, but I guess there could be another stop along the trail for a social. Yeah, like it doesn't chap my ass either, but I'm just sayin' that sleddin' and socials go together like piss and a fart. Yeah. I guess there could be another stop along the trail for a social. Could be another stop along the trail for a dart. Well, it's a great spot for a dartyparty. So, we're gonna build a new shack? I'm surprised we're not buildin' a new shack right now. That's what I'm sayin'. I figure it's about time that we stopped talkin' about it and started bein' about it. Oh, we could just throw up the structure and get all the materials paid off sellin' twodollar cans. Twodollar socials. Yeah, we could sell whitefish sashimis to help expedite the process. Oh, we could get real stinky and sell perch and walleye sushis. Hey! Walleye. Perch. And whitefish. Are not. Sushi or. Sashimi grade. Well, yeah, I guess you'd have to do pot to accomplish that sort of appetite. Says you. Pregame sandos? Check, buddy. Pregame nappies? Check, bro. Don Cherry's Rock 'Em Sock 'Em 6 for motivation? Don Cherry's Rock 'Em Sock 'Em 6. Chel Tourney for game situation visualization? Second Chel Tourney for peak performance imagery. Pregame dump? No pregame dump. Hmm. No pregame cruncher. No pregame deucer. Better go drop that bomb. Better go release the chocolate hostage. Better bust a grumpy. Better go call in a code brown. Better go boost one. Eat. Sleep. Boost. Caffeine. Check. Creatine? Check. Livin' the dream. Livin' the dream. Hold my spitter. Hold my spitter. All right, how're we gonna fuck this pig? Well, you're gonna wanna starts with dimensions. What're you thinkin' there? 14by16. What, you wanna play dodgeball in there, Dary? 14by16, well, that's five me's, five you's and five Dary's. You wanna play three team dodgeball in there, Dan? Call it 12by14. You wanna play fuckin' dodgeball in there, Dary. 12by14. That's four me's, four you's and four Dary's. You wanna play twoteam dodgeball with one sub each in there, Dan? How about 8by10? Well, I'd fuck with 8by10. No, you're not playin' no dodgeball in no 8by10s. I never wanted to play no dodgeball in no 8by10. Oh, I got so much time for 8by10. 8by10, that's three me's, three you's and two Dary's. Comfortably? You're cozy. Plus some wiggle room in there. Call it 8by10. Call it a Texas size 104, good buddy. Show you how we're gonna have the structure. What we're gonna do is put a space heater here, mini fridge here. Gonna throw the genny right out there. What about the sushis and sashimis? Hey!  Hey! Hey. How're ya now? Good, and you? Not so bad. You fuckin' serious with that turtleneck? Lose a lot a heat in the neck. You fuckin' serious with that hair? Figure it out. You figure it out. Where you's been? Modeling. How's that for you? Boring. Okay. There's no money in it. Way she goes. A monkey could do it. Good enough. Missed sleddin' season, too. I told you she'd miss sleddin' season. I was the one who said she'd figure it out. You figure it out. You figure it out. Where's your shits? About that. These are. My friends. Well, what are your friends named? Shep and Kingsley. Those are dude's names? Yeah. They sound like dog names. I don't like where this is goin'. We'll be in my room. Guys, hang up your coats. Where's your fuckin' shirt, Shep? Where the fuck is your shirt, Kingsley? It ripped. It ripped? Mine too. How? 'Cause I'm so fat. Me too, I'm so fat. I'm a bat fastard. I'm a fat podger. Guys. Enough, let's go. If I was a Dr. Seuss book I'd be The Fat in the Hat. If I was an arcade fighting game I'd be Mortal Komfat. If I was one of the five boroughs in New York City I'd be the Fatten Island. If I was an Italian citystate I'd be the Fatican. Put a fuckin' shirt on! I don't know what happened to you dusters, but, fuck me, do you fuck dog! Walkin' around poutin' like your little sister took your last Oreo. And not a traditional Oreo, no, a limited edition Oreo, or seasonal Oreo they're gonna take off the shelf for another year. Hey, Barts, did little Natiesha take your last Halloween Oreo? You didn't get a chance to say goodbye to that delicious orange frosting? What about you, Yorkie? Huh? Did little Tamsyn take your last Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Oreo? Well, it gets worse. Those have been discontinued forever. What about you, Scholtzy, huh? Did little Tay'Rhonda take your last Ice Cream Oreo Orange Sherbet? That is a summertime flavor. Good luck suckin' back on one of those in the next six months. Fisky, I know. You're a Birthday Cream Fudge guy. They're all gone. What? Little DeSondra was the culprit. And her pal LarawnShawn took the last Heads or Tails Mega Stuff, too! Hey, Boomtown. You're an only child. You got your NASCAR Daytona Oreos? It's fucking embarrassing! Let me give you some advice, donkeys. Take a page out of Jonesy and Reilly's book. My boys, I skipped curfew call for you last night 'cause I knew you'd be doin' legs, and I didn't want to interrupt. We've been doin' legs twoadays since the first week of summer, Coach. Blocked every wheelchair ramp in the arena so we'd have to do stairs. Tenacity. You can't teach that. You know, I never thought those pheasants would fuck the dog so hard that you two would become my studs! Thanks, Coach. Thanks, Coach. Well, I need one win. One W. What are you gonna do to get me that? Selfish hockey. Selfish hockey. That's right. Selfish hockey! Break it down. Skate the puck. Don't pass it. Head man's still gonna be there when you catch up. Take it coasttocoast. Shots from poor angles are still shots. Buck and a half, twominute shifts, three minutes even. Cruise the blue line to catch your breath. Bad bounce, that's a good breakaway. Gotta get the bounces, boys. Perfect. And a retaliation penalty never hurt anyone. What's our mantra?. They don't ask how, they ask how many. That's right. What did I tell you about stick tape? You don't need it! The only people that'll be worrying about puck handling are Jonesy and Reilly! Save it for them! Huh? W! Well, let's fuck this pig. Structure goes here. Sled parking here. Pretty good spot for pissin' over there. Pissin' outside's for dogs and degens. I piss outside as much as the dog does. Well, I'm not above it either. I'm just sayin'. Fuck, we could really use some kind of bar in this town, eh? Katy. Big brother. How're ya now? Good and you? Not so bad. My friends need to borrow clothes. Give 'em barn clothes. I won't have barn clothes in the house. They stink. Guess you have to put your friends in the fuckin' barn then. They don't have any clothes of their own. Okay. They don't have any money. Way she goes. Models are always broke. Good enough. You have a baker's dozen plaid shirts. They only need two. Give them the handmedowns I got from Dan's second cousin. Who, Garrett? No, Jarrett. 104. Over and out. These are the only ones that fit. 'Cause we're too podgey. Ugh, don't start. If I was a major league baseball team I'd be the L. A. Podgers. If I was a major league baseball pitcher I'd be Podger Clemens. If I was a pickup truck I'd be a Podge Ram. If I was a disguising clothing pattern made for hunting and combat I'd be camoupodge. No, better without the shirts. Okay. Now, go shut both doors and lock them.  Roald.  You'll need to repeat that. He's gone. He's gone? Along with all his stuff. Devon is gone. Roald. Dude. Hysterics are fruitless. (HIGHPITCHED SQUEAL) Stewart. Tears are useless. Stewart. Pain is inevitable. Where? Why? W motherfucking five! I don't know. He had everything here. Hours upon hours of ultracompetitive gaming laced with hiphop karaoke. Add a dash of latenight loitering and a splash of petty vandalism. And what have you got?. Stewart. Utopia, Arcadia, Kingdom come! Devon hated petty vandalism. He called it twobit. Shabby. Shoestring. Mmm, hence the term, petty, Roald. Don't be redundant. But you're right, he did hate that. This was his. Verify. Yeah. Yes. You got it the summer before grade six at a Sidewalk Sale Day. Went halfsies on it. Veracious. And this? Roald, substantiate! Yes. You stole it from his grandma so you could game Ecco the Dolphin on Sega CD in grade three. Irrefutable. Well, I guess he didn't take all of his stuff, now, did he? Fuck me, that was refreshing. Incoming! Stink bombs? Devon. Fuck, she looks friendly as a couch, ain't she, boys? Went up faster than shit through a goose, too. Licketysplit. Real nice of Tyson and Joint Boys to help us out. More hands make less work. Welp. Fire up the genny, Gary. Now test out the motion sensor, Dan. Boss, man. I appreciates this. Aw, it's tits. Well, there's one step left. Yeah! Christen it? Should we christen it? Well, are we gonna christen it? Should we christen it? I feel like we should be christening it. Well, I'm surprised we're not christening it right now. Gordie Howe hat trick, ferda. Game puck goes to Gordie. Yeah. I had 18 shots on net, boys. Ovechkin numbers. Played no less than 38 minutes. Duncan Keith numbers. But, uh, 94 ferda. Ferda other team. You know, it's sick, unreal stats. But, uh. Be nice to have a couple of W's, too. Be nice to have a W. Players only meeting? Yeah. Coach is right, I mean, no W's on the season that's just. Fucking embarrassing! Coach. Players only meeting. Oh. Well, that's embarrassing. Jesus. All right you pheasants, what's the problem? Spill it, pheasys. My wife left me, you little bitch! Feels like someone ran a coarse glove hustle on my love muscle. Yorkie? Same, Barts. Feels like someone forkgored my pork sword. Scholtzy? She's gone. Feels like someone took a big snackers on my little knackers. Pussy. Fisky. Out the door. Feels like someone slammed a super soccer kick into my RonDonny long schlong. Boomtown! I'm an only child, as Coach previously and pitilessly pointed out. I'd kill for a little Natiesha, Tamsyn, Tay'Rhonda, DeSondra, LarawnShawn, in my life. But someone did steal my last NASCAR Daytona Oreo! That wasn't funny! But, you all love your wives. What happened, boys?   Angie? Boys. Unreal game. Who wants to take me out for a sando? I'll let you work it out. Angie? That's my girl, you little bitch. She makes me want to rub slick on my disco stick. Yorkie? Correction, Barts. She's mine. She makes me wanna go Warcraft all over my man shaft. Scholtzy. Mine. She makes me wanna take a low fiver to my deepV diver. Pussy. Fisky? Uhuh. She's mine. She makes me wanna take a fresh fruit to my flesh flute. Boomtown! You all have sisters. I hope you're kind to them. I hope you cherish them. This one's mine! This is bad, buddy. This is really bad, buddy. I think we've got. A puck bunny. It looks darker out here than the inside of a fuel tank. Head towards the sensor light, Dan. I don't appreciates this. Well, how we gonna fuck this pig? We find who did it. And we beat the shit out of them.You were chorin' with your pals the other day. Don't be a fuckin' degen, Dary. What? Well, every time you snot rocket. Or farmer spit. You lick your lips after, and it's fuckin' gross. You act like yous got it all your damn self. I'm not a fuckin' snot licker, that's for GD sure. The last time I checked, nothin' up there that can't hurt me. Incorrect, big shooters. Snots is actually your body's garbage removal system. When you breathe in, your nose hairs collects all sorts of dusts and debris, including bacterias and viruses. That's your body's way of removing them from you. That's what snots is. Dust and debris and viruses and what? Figure it out. You're getting rid of that dust and debris intranasallys and then you just takes it right back in orally. Well, youse can both take it anally, that's all I give a care about. You better settle down over there, or I'm gonna come talk to you. Speaking of taking things anallys. Moving on. I gots a question. Nope. It's of the personal varietys. There's such a thing as too much butt talk, and a fella oughta be fuckin' aware of it. Well, youse guys are my friends. I relys on you for counsel. I gots a problem and I need my friends. If a man asks for help, you help him. Pitterpatter. Youse guys remembers that gal I took to the chip trucks last summer? Fuck's sake. The one who put her finger in your bum? Mind your fuckin' beeswax, Dary. That's the one, Dary. It's impolite to kiss and tell, Dan. Well, I knows it's impolites to kiss and tells, but. No butts. Actually, this involves a significant butt. Hers or yours? I'm gonna take a fuckin' migraine here. Anyways, she was askings me about. Performings the anal sex on her. Youse guys. Youse guys ever do that? You ever. Takes the dirt road home? No. No. Well, Professor Tricia from my women's studies group, she says it's quite commons to. Enter through the back door. Uh. Mind you she didn't stress whethers that was naturals. Well, but, like I've been told, that where vagina sex is like a total encasing of the penis, like. Like sticking a hot dog inside a pogo, and then like, anal sex is a partial encasing of the penis, so it'd be more like putting a hot dog in a beer bottle. Waynes? No. Dary? The answer's still no. But I have been told the same thing as Dary, that whereas vagina sex provides stimulation of the entire penis, like a sausage inside a burrito, but bum sex provides stimulation only from like. Well, like the rim of the butt hole rather than inside the butt hole also. So, what you're sayings is, it's less like going inside this Long John Silvers here, and more like going inside this honey cruller here. Correct. It's less like going inside this loaf of bread. And more like going inside this bagel. Waynes? No. Dary? Answer's still no. But I have been told that it's less like going inside this wheel of Brie cheese and more like going inside this piece of Swiss cheese. Oh, I love Swiss cheese. I love honey crullers. You don't like bagels. Nope. I need to borrow your truck, big brother. What for? To take these two back to the city. For good? Yeah. Why youse taking them back to the city, Katy? Why don't you ask them? Okay. Shep. Kingsley, why is Katy's taking you backs to the citys? Probably 'cause we're big fat tubs of lard. It's 'cause we're too tubby. Does that answer your question, Dan? Gotcha. If I was a supporting character in a Tom Hanks movie, I'd be Tubba Gump. Oh, sure, sure. And if youse were an early Jake Gyllenhaal film, you'd be Tubble Boy. If I was a career resurrecting Matthew McConaughey vehicle, I'd be Dallas Buyers Tub. Exactly. And if you were an Original NES twoplayer fighting game, you'd be TubbleDragon. I knew youse were tubble when you walked in. Let's go. Don't forget to come back for the opening of MoDean's 2. Let's get hammered, boys. Those is acceptable terms, Ms. Katy's. 'Bout time we had some sort of bar in this town. Gail called. She says she needs a hand getting set up. Yeah. We gotta go past Jivin' Pete's YouBrewToo to pick up the kegs. Youse can do that without me. Mmm. What's Jivin' to do now? Besides hangin' out with degens from up country? Jivin's not really a goods guy anymore, is he? Mmm, no. I wouldn't call Jivin' a good guy anymore. Jivin' honked his horn at Katy when she was crossing the street uptown. Jivin' shouldn't have done that. Jivin' laughed at her, too, when she jumped. He scared her. To be fair. To be fair. (SINGSONG) To be fair. Jivin's pals laughed, too. Jivin's pals shouldn't have done that. Jivin' and his pals thinks so much of themselves they probably suck each other off. We'll go pick up the kegs from Jivin's. You want us to tell Jivin' you're gonna come talk to him? You know how he feels about talkin's. He'll hear it from me. 104, good buddy. Over and out.  Hey, girl. Hey, boy. Superstar DJ. Hey. Here we go! Who are you? Gae. So am I. I didn't ask what you were, girl. I didn't tell you what I am, boy. Who are you? I'm Gae. So am I. No, you're not. That's exactly what my father said to me. So you're in the business of opening wounds, girl? Stop calling me girl, boy. And what shall I call you? Gae. I'm the only gay in this crew! And I was born this way, Stewart! I support you, remember? Let me get this straight. He's a homosexual? That's exactly what my mother said to me. The exact same way. You will delete yourself from this dwelling, girl. But not before you reveal your motive behind your vexations streak! Fine. And after that, huh, you better bizzounce! My name is Gae. That's your name? Wow. And I thought Roald's parents never gave him a chance. They didn't. My parents banished me to Letterkenny from the city to live with my aunt because of poor behavior. You're an outcast. I'm a deportee. You're a vagrant.  I'm in exile. Arresting. Everyone here is some form of derelict. I will hear you out. Gae. Dad. Yup. Still a homo. But you're the one who named me after the author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! Listen up, you pilons. Grab a knee, plugs. All right. Now, I know you guys may not want to hear this, but getting rid of that puck bunny is the first step towards getting a W, boys. We'll introduce you to a couple of sporty little spices down the road, boys. But I like that sporty little spice. Pardon? Sorry. Sorry, man, my bad. Boomtown! But I like that sporty little spice! Okay. Well, you'd better learn to hate her because she's the reason we have zero W's on the season, boys. We need that W, boys. Gotta have that W, boys. Gotta want that W, boys. And the first step to getting it is. Beating your opponent mentally. Gotta get inside of his head, boys. Hockey is 90% mental, 10% skill. Unless you're a retired NHL tough guy Basil McRae, who says hockey is 50% mental, 50% being mental. Still not sure that's PC, buddy. No. Baz makes his own rules, though, buddy. Love Baz, bro. Baz for life, yo. Now, the easiest way to get inside your opponent's head, boys, is by chirping from the bench. Obviously, boys. Talk is for Schmelts, you little bitch. Do your talking on the scoreboard, schmelts. Oh. Oh, okay. Hmm. Have any of you guys been doing any talking on the scoreboards lately? Hey? Hmm? Nice stats, no stats. Fine, you little bitch. We'll try it your way, schmelts. Good. Tonight, we will be taking you boys through chirping from the bench 101. We can get this W, boys. We will get this W, boys. You're not gonna get this W, boys, not by yourselves. But luckily for you pheasants, someone in this room has got some jam. Ready to meet your new teammate? Come on! Look at this tour de force. This piece de resistance. This masterpiece. Huh?  Look at that hustle. Look at that jam. Multitasking, pheasants. Maxing every single second! That's how you get the W, boys. Well, fuck, boys, I was already down here ripping ass whilst figured I'd rip some raps. What the fuck are you looking at, tit fucker? Give your balls a tug. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reily. Fight me, see what happens. Yeah, what's gonna happen, Shoresy? Three things, I hit you, you hit the pavement, ambulance hits 60. That's the worst chirp I've ever heard in my entire life, Shoresy. That's my slowlearning Mennonite uncle's favorite chirp. Yeah, it's your mom's favorite chirp, too, buddy. Ask her, see what happens. Yeah? What's gonna happen, Shoresy? Three things, I hit you, you hit the pavement, I fuck your mom again. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom just liked my Instagram post from two years ago in Puerto Vallarta. Tell her I'll put my swim trunks on for her anytime she likes. Fuck you, Shoresy! Fuck you, Reilly. Your mom keeps trying to slip a finger in my bum, but I keep telling her I only let Jonsey's mom do that, you fuckin' loser. My mom would never put a finger in your bum! Mum's a fuckin' saint. Fuck! Fuck your entire fuckin' life, you piece of shit. Gail, how're ya now? Good, 'an you? Not bad. To MoDean's 2! Ah. It's a hell of a space you got. Thanks for the help, boys. You're welcome, Gails. Wasn't Jivin' Pete supposed to deliver those himself? Yeah. What happened with that? My cousin said she seen him with some degens from up country. Anywho, Old Gail's all sorts of jazzed about MoDean's 2. So are we, Gails. I'm so jazzed I couldn't sleep last night. I was up flickin' more bean than a Starbucks barista. Good enough, Gail. I mean it. Handled more dime than a homeless man. Where do these go? Back door. Where you know you're always welcome, Wayne. Okay.  There someone else here? Yeah. I hired a couple waitresses. Oh. Bonnie McMurray. I thought you said there was two, uh, waitresses. Glen? Wayne!. Well, I guess the kitten's out of the clutch, again. Glen's back to waitressing. Well, you look. Ordinary.  Did you hear that? That's some hot praise coming from Mr. Extraordinary. Gave him a little makeover. Figured if you guys get some eye candy, old Gail is gonna help herself to a fistful too. Mmm. Gail got me the Lasik so. Hi, Bonnie. Hi, Wayne. How're ya now? Bonnie, kegs are coming in, so make sure the lines are clean. Glen, go throw some ice in the urinals. I know it's like a little video game for you guys. Can confirm. Bye, Bonnie. Bye, Wayne. No, I was going to say it first. You don't want to go toetotoe with me, darlin'. Anyway, back to Jivin'. He's turned into a bit of a tit, hasn't he? Yeah, his pals too. Well, if you've got something to say about Jivin', you should say it to his face. Bad gas travels fast in a small town. You don't want him hearin' that from somebody else. It's dishonorable. It's a true story. Saddle up to the bar when you're done. I'll show my new Haitian taco. Well, I don't know if that's foods or not, but if it is, I'm lookin' forward to it. It's only for Wayne. Well, then I guess it's not foods. But I'm gonna pencil you in for a chats, Gail, 'cause Haitian tacos, that sounds like we got something there. You guys remember when Jivin was pissing down the hay mow and Alexander was climbing up and he got a bit of pee in his mouth? Enough talk about Jivin'. And then, you remember the same night Alexander fell face first into the cow paddy and got a bit of poop up nose? That's pretty much par for the course with Alexanders. So, what would you rather have then, a bit of pee in your mouth or a bit of poop up your nose? Well. Well, fuckin' neither. Well, but it's hypothetical, it's a game. It's called, Would You Rather. So, you got to pick one or the other is what you're saying. Yes. It's hypothetical. Kinda feels like you did pot. Well, how much pee's are we talking about? Yeah, and how much poop? Okay, so if we're talking about, like an eyedropper, be like, mmm. Four or five drops of pee, right in your mouth. Or, let's call it like, the end of the pinkie fingernail, full poop, up your nose. For the rest of your life. Oh, so it's for the rest of your fuckin' life now? Yeah. Would you rather have a bit of pee in your mouth, or a bit of poop up nose? And you. You can't spits the pee's out your mouth or blows the poops out of your nose? Well, see, Dary would just lick it off his lips after blowin' it out anyway. That's correct, Dan. I think I'd take the poops in my nose. But then you'd be smelling poop for the rest of your life. And poop is potent, pal. Yeah, but if you had pee's in your mouth and every time you takes a bites of food, you. You're gonna be tasting pee's. Yeah. And you're gonna have to swallow a bit of that pee with every time you take a bite of food. Do you wanna know what, I'd take the poop. Yes, I would take the poop. Well, there's no chance of ingesting's the poop? Well, I'm not a scientist or anything, that's not really my forte, but say you had the sniffles, right? And you honk one back, and you get a piece of that poop right in the back of your throat, that's down the hatch. Well, see that's changing the fuckin' rules, Dary. Before you said you're either taste the pee or smell the poop. Now you're saying you're tasting and smelling poop. Well, the pee is in your mouth and the poop is in your nose. What happens after that is beyond my control. Well, he's right there, Wayne. So? 'Kay, just. 'Kay, you wanna know what. 'Kay, let's all answer at the exact same time. And a one and a two and a one, two, three.  Poop. Pee. What the fuck was that shit? That is shameful, Dary. That is. Shame on you. Know what? I'd have a fuckin' spit! Now before we proceed, dost thou knoweth where Devon is? Who? Devon. No. No. Yes. Yes? No!  You appear. Felonious. You appear erroneous. How are we to know that you are not responsible for Devon's disappearance? I don't know, how are you? Still a little hurt and fragile from speaking with my father. But thank you for asking. That's not what she's saying, Roald.  What are you saying, Stewart? I'm just saying, as Devon fades, you materialize. Simple math. Child's play. Cool movie. Though I prefer Problem Child. Same. What's with the clown costume? Sit. Stay. Speak. What's with the clown costume? Don't you watch the news? There are clowns inflicting apprehension on the general public via sheer terrorism, or petty vandalism all over North America. So, you've coalesced with some sort of continental, intercolonial clown posse? I'm a bad seed. Staying out late, missing curfew, you know. I know. Kissing boys.  Hmm. I know. What is it you seek, Gae? Asylum. Remember Soul Asylum? Cool band. Though I prefer Soulfly. Same. Collective Soul? Or Soulwax. Wondrous. soulDecision? Asylum granted! Domo. Arigato. I'm here to rebel. Give me three good reasons why you feel you must rebel. I hate the world. I hate my parents. I hate myself. As you were. My parents banished me here for poor behavior. It is my goal to behave even worse in Letterkenny, so they have no choice but to bring me back. Formidable. Jocular. Allow us to assist. To aid. To be your asset. Oui. C'est bon. Prodigious. First rate. Boss. Incroyable. Hooray. But first. Our wardrobe craves alteration. What. What does that.   Okay, boys let's keep it simple, ferda. KISF principle, buddy. Keep it simple, ferda. Repetition is the key. Pick a topic. Beat the shit out of it, ferda. Topic is ugly.. The tip of the tongue, the teeth and lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth and lips. The tip of the tongue, the teeth and lips. Fuck, are you ugly, 22. You're fuckin' ugly, 2's. Your ugly requires a sign, 22. Caution. Fuckin' ugly. Your ugly requires a disclaimer, 22. Parental Advisory. Explicit ugly. You're up. Hey. Ugly. You little bitch. Yorkie. Look at you, ugly. Scholtzy. You're ugly. Pussy. Fisky. Wow. Ugly. Boomtown! Oh, man. Ugly. Keep practicing, boys. Dig deep. Bare down, boys. That was a pisspoor start, buddy. Delicious pun, buddy, since we're pissing. That was ugly.  Well, you gotta work through adversity, find a way to win. Fore check. Back check. Pay check, buddy. Cross check. Hip check. Stick check? No, waving your stick's a free ticket to sit. Hate sittin', buddy. The boys'll figure it out in no time. The boys'll get the mental W, we'll get the scoreboard W. Ferda. Ferda.  . What are you pissing so close to the urinals for, you piece of shit? This is how a real man rocks a piss. Give your balls a tug, tit fucker. I'm coming, Shoresy! I heard the same thing from your mum last night five to seven times. And that's not even my record, you fuckin' loser. What the fuck, man! Sorry you had to do this, fellas. Jivin' Pete was supposed to be around with the sidewalk plow. Jivin's full of shits. Yeah, him and his pals are probably suckin' each other off right now. What did I say? Bad gas travels fast in a small town. You don't want him hearin' this from somebody else. It's dishonorable. Okay. Would you rather have a penis for a nose, or a vagina for a mouth? Hand me another horn 100% of the time. .all the time. Well, can you use them as functioning sex organs or are they just sorts of there? Mmm. No, they are not functional, so you can't have an orgasm through 'em and you can't take a piss through 'em. So then you're eatin' from a vagina mouth or sniffin' through a penis nose? Correct. All this vagina eating talk is getting this old goat all sorts of fired up, Wayne. Fair warning. 'Kay. I think I'd just have to say the vagina's mouth. It's just less intrusives. Well, it's gotta be the vagina mouth. Who wants a dink hangin' down bouncing off their lips all fuckin' day? Mmm. You're just walking me right into it at this point, cowboy. 'Kay. Let's. 'Kay, you know what? 'Kay. Let's all answer at the same time. And a one, and a two, and a one, two, three. Vagina mouth. Penis nose. Oh, that's fuckin' gross, Dan. That's fuckin' disgusting, Dan. Walking around with a mouthful of roast beef all day. Youse have never had a dick bouncing off your lips. Don't knock it till you've tried it. Fuck's sake. From this moment forward, we are a collective. A confab. A conclave. A clambake.  We are. FAKU. Freaks Acting Krayzee. United. Roald. Have you prepared the final accessory? FAKU! One gino tonight, but no W, ferda. One gino too, ferda, but no W tonight, boys. Gotta focus on the small victories, boys. Size matters, bro. All right boys, two seconds left. Let's show us what you got. Remember what we taught you, boys. Talk is for schmelts, you little bitch. We ain't schmelts. Schmelts. Okay, boys, we're running out of time on the scoreboard to do any talking. Try it our way, boys. Pick a topic. Beat the shit out of it. Yorkie? Topic is skate! Scholtzy. Fuckin' skate, 27. Pussy. Fisky. Skate, you fuckin' pylon. Boomtown! Come on, you fuckin' plug, skate! All right boys, now add a little English on it. Add a little hot sauce, boys. Add a little habanero pepper, ferda. Add a little ghost pepper, ferda! Come on, 27, you fuckin' sea salt sprinkling sally, skate! Yorkie? You think you're Chuck Galchenyuk? Nice microns, you fuckin' hipster dandy. Skate! Scholtzy. Skate! Pussy! Fisky. What's wrong with you, you fuckin' cement boot, no legs, cupcake cocksman? Skate! Boomtown! I hate you like I hate puck bunnies, bitch. Skate!   Oh! Yeah, fuckin' loved that move when I was in the third grade. What else can you do, you ugly fuck? Can you suck my knob? You're a knob sucker, 27.     Whoo!. Would you guys rather be surrounded by three bed bugs every night of your life, or three mosquitoes every day of your life?. You're an idiot, Daryl. Are you allowed to kill the bed bugs or the skeeters? No. So, they're immortal bed bugs or skeeters? Would you rather be surrounded by three bed bugs every night of your life, or three mosquitoes every day of your life? No ostrich fuckers here, hicks. I hear you're going around town saying I'm full of shit. Jivin' Pete.  Bad gas travels fast in a small town. Yes, I did say that. And that my friends and I are so into ourselves we probably suck each other off? Yes, I did say that too. Would you say it to my face? I'm embarrassed this got to you before you heard it from me. You should be. I'm not the type of prick to take the side door. I'll come right up front and knock. Good. Knockknock. Who's. You're at Jivin' Pete's. I think you're full of shit and you and your pals think so much of yourselves you probably suck each other off. JIVIN'. Are you fuckin' serious? What's anybody gonna do about it? Say you're sorry. JIVIN'. I'm sorry. Don't honk at girls, and don't holler at girls. And don't talk to them when they're not interested in talking to you. And don't talk to 'em unless they're interested in talking to you. 104? Over and out. You're packing up for a fishin' trip with your pals the other day. I loves fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? Great fishin' in Kyubec. I fucking hate Quebec. This guy's fuckin' Puppers. Oh, I'm havin' flash snacks. To what? To last time we went fishing. On the ride home, I had to sit in between a family size of Salt'n Vinnies and a party pack of Dill Picklers. Admittedly, last time, things got a little out of whack, when it comes to the snacks. We deserve the flak, but now we're back on track. We have a new plan of attack. Everything we pack has to fit in this sack. We made a snack pact. All these have to start with the letter C, in fact. A, stop rhyming. B, why C? Well, we trieds A. Apples. And we trieds B. Bananas. But C gave us many choice options. Cookies. Crackers. Cheese. Chocolates. See? And then we're on to D, and so forth.  Mmm. Love the D. Pardon? Why does jerky get to come? It's Caribou jerky. What about the nuts? Corn nuts. And the beer?  Cold beer. There's too much choice in the world. How do you fig, Newton? Well, look at toothpaste. It used to be just Colgate or Crest. Now there's like 20 kinds of each. Whitening. Brightening. Enlightening. Goddamn right'ning. It's goddamn frightening. Nice work, double D's. Oh, speaking of double D's, Mrs. McMurray went to the casino with her pals the other night, so McMurray and I went to the rippers. When the cat's away, the mice will play. Where was my invite? Get this, one of the stripper's names. Tell us on the road. Let's go fishin'. I loves fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? Great fishin' in Kyubec. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. I'll get myself a Puppers. It's nice to have a break from you guys naming your own burps. On the way homes, we'll be spelling our own farts. Hey, you pretty near need consonants for that. I's and T's, and some P's. That's maybe smart. Anywho, about the rippers. Oh, tell us when you get there. There's lots of time for telling stories when you go fishin'. I loves goin' fishings in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? It's great fishin' in Kyubec. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. And everybody else in it, too. What's the problem, poopypants? Well, for one thing, you can never tell what the hell they're sayin' half the time, that's for one thing. Ignorance is bliss, bud. Yeah, they should figures it out. Maybe you should figure it out. Okay, you try to name me one good guy that's a French guy. You try to name it. Go ahead and try. I bet Corey Hart's a pretty good guy. I'm not sure that he's a French guy. You'd trust somebody's who wears sunglasses at night?. Name me another French guy that's a good guy. Go ahead and try. Well, what's about that guy from the alien show? 3rd Rock from the Sun? That's the one. John Lithgow? Nope. French Stewart? Yeah, that's the one. He's not French. Well, his name is French. That guy squints too much. Well, they can take a walk, the whole lot of 'em. Dary, I think there's something much deeper at play here. Can confirm. What's the story? All right, well, so this one time. Oh, tell us when we get there. There's lots of time for tellin' stories when you're goin' fishin'. Great day for sleighin', huh, Dan? It's a toboggan. So, Dary, what's the story? Which one? I'd hear the ripper story now. Well, I'd hear why you hate French people so much. Doesn't hate 'em. He loves 'em, that's the problem. No, I don't. Do too. No, I do not. Yeah, you do. You love French gals but hate that they don't love you. Dary, please explain. Well, every time there's a French gal I kinda like, I have a real hard time explaining to her that I kinda like her 'cause she only speaks French. And I'm not a good enough lookin' dude to get by on just my looks. Aw, Dary. Give this guy a fuckin' Puppers. And, if there's like, an English gal I kinda like but there's a French dude around, you know she's goin' home with the French dude 'cause the English gals love French dudes. Can confirm. And English dudes love French gals. Can confirm. That's why they can take a walk, the whole lot of 'em. All right, well let's hear the ripper story, then. Yeah. Oh. Okay. Okay, so me and McMurray went to the rippers the other night, and there was this stripper and her name was. Allanus Morissette. I loves it when they do variations on real people's names. Like, uh, Avril Vagine. Nelly Furtaco. Alec Baldwang.  Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yep, but, but. Allanus Morrisette. Sm'ellen Degenitals. Oh, Meryl Strip. Hannibal Lickedher. Dongie Darko. Count Dracuload. Oh, that's a fun one, too, 'cause it lends itself to good costumes. And that's just so camp. Yeah, yeah, but no, no, but. Allanus Morrisette.   Okay, guys.    Who's that? The French.   Boys. Boys. What is that, you little bitch? What's the red stuff, schmelts? Shred the red, boys. Shred the red, boys. Less meals, all wheels. Protein powder program. Meal suppies. Meal scheddie looks like this, boys. Breakfast, Shreddies. Lunch, shreddie the reddies. Dinner, spaghettis. Shit. Only thing about shredding the red is a few more trips to the shit shed, boys. A few more trips to brown town, buddy.  Table for one at the Pooza Hut.  Gotta let the jerseys out of the barn, bro. You'll be Russian to a state visit with Splatamir Pootin. Drown a few brown snakes, bro. Couple of King Cobra coilers, boys. King Kong coilers, boys. Fuck my entire fuckin' life, if you titfuckers light a match in here, the whole fuckin' barn's goin' up. Give your balls a tug. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly. Fight me, see what happens.  Yeah? What's gonna happen, Shoresy? Three things, I hit you, you hit the pavement, I jerk off on your driver's side door handle. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Tell your mom to top up the cell phone she bought me so I can FaceTime her late night. I don't think we can trust her. Pourquoi, Roald? She's got that look. What? You know when somebody comes to your party and does all your drugs, then tells everybody that you're the drug addict? Sit. Stay! FAKU's mission moving forward is hereby labeled, Operation Gae. Objective? Find a way to get Gae back to the city, as per her wishes. Danke schoen. Danke stop, you're not even German. Danke shut your mouth, Roald.  Modus operandi, create mailbox mayhem. Our Operation Gae HQ is here. During the last gasp of daylight, we will skulk into our various positions here, here, here, and here. Then upon clown sundown, we will wreak havoc all over town. We'll deposit the contraband in my trunk and we will dump our load. Here. In the Dollar Store parking lot. To clarify, you want to steal mailboxes? Affirmative. That's a federal crime.   Are you scared? No.  Ooh! Oh! Ooh, ooh. Best of all, Wayne et al., will assume the destruction was caused by Tanis and her crew again. It's perfect. Hey, maybe could urinate in the mailboxes too, you know. To underline how pissed off we are. Roald! You're in FAKU now. It's serious. You're in. Or you're out. I acquiesce. We are FAKU. Freaks Acting Krazee United! Give me three good reasons why you feel you must rebel. I hate the world. I hate my parents. I hate myself. I hate they. FAKU!. FAKU! Not only are they gal hoggers, they're louder than a bunch of. Goat. Goddamn stranded seals over there. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. I got a Puppers right there. Hey! Didn't they teach you how to pipe down in CEGEP?   Hey! He said simmers down, so simmers down! Why don't you go eat some tartars, you snails suckin' mime lovers? Uh. I don't know what the fuck you're saying, but turn that shit down! I would rather have Celine Dion. What do they say about arguing with idiots? They'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience. Over and out. I can be helpful here, fellas. No we. We got this. We got this. I still don't know what the fuck you're saying, but you're saying it now in a hostile tone. And youse don't speak to us in a hostile tone. I still don't know what the fuck you're saying, but other than Georges StPierre, every Frenchman is a fuckin' pussy! So youse better simmer down and I mean right now! Well, why don't you go to a poutine festival in the Thetford Mines? Why don't you go canoe in the three rivers, you inbred fur traders? Go eat a Nanaimo Bar in Kamloops. I fuckin' know what that means. I love Nanaimo Bars. 'Cause you do pot. Yeah. Then why don't you go savagely force feed a duck and then enjoy your foie gras in a sugar shack, Trudeau? Why don't you go snowshoe into the Bell Centre to watch backtoback soldout Simple Plan shows, then go eat some Montreal smoked meat, you bagelmunching, rope pissers? Anik!. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft.   Pfft. No, you're a cock on a vine! You know what, Dan? Sit down. You know, this one's off the beaten path a wee bit, but do you ever notice how French people go pfft at the end of a sentence? Yeah. Yeah, I noticed that. French people do that all the time. They end a sentence and they go pfft. I don't knows if I follows. Well, like if you were an English person going pfft at the end of a sentence, like French people go pfft at the end of the sentence, the sentence would probably be something like, You get so drunk some nights you piss the bed, but other nights you get so stoned you can't piss at all, so pfft. Yeah, or like your guy says, Sex isn't good anymore. And you're like, Well, how do you think I feel? All you put into it is your dick, pfft. You wanna know what's kind of fun to make fun of 'em for? Is if right after they go pfft, you go. Do that again.  So like, You like having casual sex 'cause he gives you some good, but at the end of the day, he doesn't give you a God damn, so, pfft.  Pfft. Pfft! Pfft.  And you know what else? None of youse knows where to put the S's in your God damn sentences. So why don't you go get tricked by a Just For Laughs Gags before you have to hold a referendum to separate my foot from your ass! Choice words, super chief.   Now that was a big turd, period, brother. You gotta have a big turd, buddy. Sniped a penalty shit, bro. Finally got the pooer play clickin', bro. Almost had to foreshit the game. Too many poominute penalties. So what? You boys ready to shred the red? Shreddy the reddy, boys. Try it for praccy. Not sure I want a trouser brownie, you little bitch. Yorkie? Not sure I'm up for smuggling FudgeeOs either, Barts. Scholtzy. Not sure I'm up for squishy poopies. If it ain't yumsies in my tumsies, my poopies go squishies. Pussy. Fisky. I've been stocking nut like Bulk Barn. Boomtown! In. That's what I fuckin' love about you, Boomtown. Love the jam, Boomtown. Love it! Shred the red!. Shred the red. Shred the red!. Shred the red! Shred the red!. Shred the red!. Shred the red! Shred the red!. Shred the red! Shred the red! She is hot. I'm pretty sure the French word for hot is chaud. I'd like to chaud her something. Why don't you invite her to the chaise lounge, Dary? I would. Except I wouldn't be able to understand what she's saying half the time. And I'm not a good enough looking guy to get by on just my looks. Aw, Dary. Cheer up, Dary. Despite those frogs, whose wives can't even take their last names. I'm pretty sure they don't use middle names over there either. No middle names? It's 2015. No, it's not. I loves fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? It's great fishin in Kyubec. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. Pfft! Pfft!  Pfft!  Pfft!  Well, I guess everybody understands body language. Anik is gone forever. Aw, next time, you'll know to strike while the iron's hot, big shooter. I just can't catch a break. Oh, you got one.  Oh. Hey. Eh? Oh, bother. Oh! Too hot. I've had a hearty, boys.  Mudslide, budski. Oh, no. I've shit my pants.  You little bitch. Yorkie. I've cranked an eightball in my sportsshorts. Scholtzy?   Peak behind door number two to see my little poop de Ville. It's my little deuce poop. Pussy. Fisky. I've had a blumpy. A grumpy blumpy. Boomtown? I'm ready to get the lead out. I'm ready to. Wait. I shit my pants, too. I'm sorry. This is on you, you little bitch. I'm gonna get you, schmelt! Cops are so dumb. Cops are mushrooms. I'll need you to expound, Gae. What do you do with mushrooms? Are we talking Portobello? Shiitake? Chanterelles? I can cook, you know. You give them shit and keep them in the dark. Roald. Are you afflicted? What are you. Ow! Roald? Give me three reasons why you feel you must rebel. I hate the world. I hate my parents. I hate myself! As you were. FAKU! What a bust. Pretty pedestrian effort, super chieftains. Only fish we caught was the one Cock Cousteau tossed over at us. I fuckin' hate Quebec. Can't catch a break here. Oh, bother. Degens from upcountry. No ostrich fuckers in Quebec, hicks. Well, we are way the fucks outnumbered, bud. It's not how many you win, it's how many you show up for. Is that a No Fear slogan? Likely. Bienvenue au Quebec. Your brother's hot.  Do you speak English? Oui. Yes. Yes. Oui. No problem. Of course.  Bon. Well, it's best to avoid a scrap when you're goin' fishin'. But you hate degens from up country too, huh? Yeah? And where exactly is upcountry Kyubec? Laval. My whole life, I've hated the French. You can't understand what they're saying half the fuckin' time. And I couldn't land one of your beautiful women if my life depended on it. As far as I'm concerned, youse can take a walk, the lot of youse. But then youse had our back today. Yeah. Oui. I loves me fishin' in Kweebec. Who doesn't love fishing in Kaybec? Great fishin' in Kyubec. I fuckin' love Quebec. Hear, hear! Cheers!  Sante! Merci, mes amis. Thank you. I'm Anik. I'm Daryl. I think you're really goodlooking. Um, I was looking at you and I see you look at me so, pfft. You speak English. Pretty much everyone in Quebec does. Wow. Do you like Alanis Morissette? Oui. You were fishing with your pals the other day. Wayne. Dary. You should get yourself fuckin' Puppers. I already got a fuckin' Puppers. I know you're still spittin' about the shack gettin' trashed. But if you don't tuck in that lip, a bird's gonna come over here and poop right on it. What do I say about talkin' too much, Dary? The less you say now, the less you have to apologize for later. Good. All I'm saying is, if you're gonna be poopy, maybe go try fishing with somebody else. What do I say about the old boss, Dary? Old boss is always a dick till you meet the new one. Good. Plus, I think, the only other people out here fishing are either Ginger or Boots, who may not have fucked an ostrich like everybody thinks they did. Point and fuckin' proof. You give good advice, Wayne. Well, what's good for the goose is good for the gander. Oh, you're GD right is. Let's just hope she doesn't go in one ear and out the other, bud. Guess what? Chicken butt. That's inappropriate, Dan. Why? Well, you were just out in the great wide open but you wait till you come back in here to drop your guts? Now, just hold your horses, Wayne, for just one second. I farted outside, too. Oh, that is noisy, Dan. Are you fuckin' serious with that turtleneck? Figure it out. You figure it out. Like, that's damn near doctorassisted, Dan. It's a little bit overripe, but it's not like I'm falling aparts on the inside. Do you wanna know what? It's time we draw a line in the sand. Or the snow, so to speak. On farts? On farts! The less you say now, the less you have to apologize for later. Good. But I've had it. Let's get real here. You rip an appropriate fart, we all have a giggle, salute and pay tribute. For a good time, Tim, Tom and Terrence. But the inappropriate farts gotta go. The inappropriate farts are turning us into a bad time Tony, Todd and Tucker. Oh, I can'ts wait. And I mean this. I can't wait to find out what could possibly be deemed an inappropriates fart. Farting in here. In here? With the door closed, yeah. Tight quarters. No airflow. Poor form. But I'm with friends. That's who farts are for. Around food, too. Around food? Especially around people eating food. That's fuckin' ignorant. But I'm eatings, too. That's when I'm rife with farts. Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Let's do an exercise here. You're in a car, when's it okay to fart? When you're alone. One point for Dary. It's always okay to fart when you're alone, but 'cept when you're in elevators. That's uncouth. You're trying to rob me of my lifebloods here. Or you can roll down the window. Another point for Dary. But the car must be traveling a minimum of 60 kilometers an hour, so that the fart may be aggressively vacuumed out before penetrating nostrils. This is literally all I have going for me. If you ask permission? Hmm. Well, safe to say, if you have to ask for permission it's an inappropriate fart, but I'll still give you a half a point. The cheekiness. The indecencys of it. It's downright abusives, is what it is! Hey. Is that any way to talk to a guy with two and a half points? Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. You wanna know what? If you needs me, I'm gonna be outsides. Farting appropriately! How cold is it out there tonight? Minus 40 with the wind chill. Old boss is always a dick till you meet the new one. Good. All right, you fuckin' pheasants. All right, you fuckin' pheasants! Coach. Playersonly meeting. I'm so sorry. All right, you fuckin' pheasants. Now, we love being the biggest Pantene pros in the league, but we want some wins. We love being the silkiest studs, but no W's is embarrassing. I mean, I buried a onetimer, a backhandclappertop cheese last night, boys. But who cares? No W. I buried a kneedown halfclapper from the goal line. Big whoop. No W. And if we want some wins in this room, we gotta get the puck bunny out of it. What's a puck bunny, you little bitch? You don't know what a puck bunny is? Not sure I'm familiar with the term either, Barts. Okay. Whereas musicians have groupies, hockey players have puck bunnies. Hmm. Right? Yeah. Right? Get it? I think I understand. A puck bunny is someone who seeks a relationship with hockey players, specifically. Seeks to fuck them. Yes. I have no problem with that. Right. Unless the puck bunny is getting in the way of wins. Any puck bunnies getting in the way of W's come to mind? I once tonguekissed a woman in line for the beer gardens at a dragon boat race, after she said she liked my team jacket. But I don't think she was a puck bunny. You little bitch. Yorkie? I once openmouth firstbased a woman I delivered a gourmet coffee gift card to, after she won at a team fundraiser raffle draw. I don't think she was a puck bunny. Scholtzy? I once got an overthepants handy in the back seat of a Pontiac Bonneville, during a drivein screening of Slap Shot. But I don't think she was a puck bunny. Pussy. Fisky? I once got a rigfriggin' gherkinslurpin' behind a gumball machine at a bubble hockey tournament, but I don't think she was a puck bunny. Boomtown? I once accidentally shit my pants while masturbating in 2010, when Crosby scored an OT to win gold, while I was simultaneously midorgasm. There was no one else there. But don't you think that's a good story? Right, I'm just gonna go ahead and spell this right the fuck out for you, boys. The girl that you're all in love with, she's a puck bunny. You better not be talking about my little Angiebojangles, you little bitch. Yorkie? She's my wittle Angiebopeepers, so sweet when she sleepers, Barts. But still. They better not be talking about her. Scholtzy? Angie gives me butterflies in my wittle bread basketywasket. Pussy. Fisky? It's the little things she does, giving me kisses at night when she thinks I'm asleep, but I'm not. So soopiddywooper cute. Poopiddyboopitywoowoo. Boomtown? No one acknowledged my story from 2010. Maybe I've said too much. I'm feelin' insecure! Barts. Yorkie. Scholtzy. Boomtown. Fisky. Let's get some appys. You're tearing us apart! Hey! We need to talk. Hey, bud. Sick dangles last weekend. Mix in a W, but still. Unreal roadie for the boys. Listen. You too, bud. Silky, silky mitts last weekend. Loved that kneedown halfclapper. Unreal. What did you want to talk about, bud? Nothing. Sicky. What about you, bud? Nothing. Unreal. Well, I'm gonna go crush a sando. Appys a hundy P, boys. Oh, I hate that.  She's speaking puck bunny, bro. Aw, God, girls who don't play hockey should not talk like hockey players, bud. No. Hey! Girls who don't play hockey, stop talking like hockey players. Why would girls think we like that, bud?. We fuckin' hate that! Ah, man, we might be waxed here, bud. I mean, I want W's, but I can't talk to her. I can't do it. I'll fucking pop. I'm with you, bro. I was already starting to snapcrackle. Unless. We find someone who can talk to her. Unless. We find someone who can speak puck bunny. You thinking what I'm thinking? Ferda. Ferda. We gotta move fast, buddy. Smoke bomb. Ninja dust! Well, where were you? Diggin' out your sled. Thanks, big brother. Don't say I never done nothin' for you. Inappropriate. Whys? 'Cause you're not supposed to fart in front of girls. True story. You're suffocatings me. That's a twoway street. Hey, oh! All right. Let's focus on the shack. How we gonna fuck this pig? Step ones. We figure out who dids it. Well, I sent Shep and Kingsley to take photos of the damage in the daylight. Photos? They're on here. Sorry if my big fat thumb was in the way of some of them. Hope so. It'll hide my big fat chunky butt. I fuckin' know these dudes do pot. Guys. If I was part of a religious community of men, I'd be a Tibetan chunk. If I was an Adam Sandler movie, I'd be PunchChunk Love. Like, you know it's more than sugar cereal. Enough. If I was an American rapperDJ, I'd be Chunkmaster Flex. If I was an animated popmusic tribute trio, I'd be Alvin and the ChipChunks. Guys! Go upstairs. Stay there. You've outdone yourself this time, kiddo. Shut up. They are perks. Stimulatings conversations? Well, they're stimulating, all right. Huh? Nothing! Photos. Oh, God. Well, what's the scoop, super chief? Oh, it's degens from up country all right. How do you know? All the different patches of yellow snows. Degens loves pissing outdoors. Fuckin' degens.  Mmm, Dan's right. See that spatter of blood right there? That's from a bloody nose. Degens always got their finger up their nose. I fuckin' hate degens from up country so much. You know, Jivin' Pete's been hanging out with those dudes too. Hmm. Does it feel like we're spending a lot of time dealin' with degens? You know, it does kind of feel like sometimes you just wake up in the morning and start dealing with degens from up country, doesn't it? Only way to handles 'em. We'll find 'em, beat the shit out of them. 104, good buddies. Guys, what did I say? It's just, can we have the photos back? We want to use them for our portfolios. Put a fuckin' shirt on! PitterPatter!   We knocked twice, but nobody answered. Frick and Frack? Come in. Hi, KatyKat. Hey, KatyKat. Pete and Repeat. Hola. You look great. Aw, you trying make this old goat's day? I really like your hair, too. Ticktock. Um, we need a favor. Ferda. Okay. There's a puck bunny. So, the boys are getting laid. A bad kind of puck bunny. So, a lot of the boys are getting laid. She's divided the room. I bet she divides in a room. And we want W's, so. So, she's gotta go.  Yes! Players only meeting. Yeah, we tried that. Boys aren't really receptive. Mmm. She's a clever little bunny. We tried also talking to her too, but. She speaks puck bunny and.  And what? She drives us mental, boys. We can't hang. Like, girls who don't play hockey shouldn't talk like hockey players, boys. We fucking hate that. I should've packed a lunch for this. We need somebody who speaks puck bunny. We were hoping, you could speak puck bunny to her. For us. Ferda W's. Ferda. Okay, I used to speak puck bunny. Forgot most of it. It's kind of one of those languages you need to really immerse yourself in to master. Let's see if I can remember some. Don't judge my accent. Sick mitts, bud. Oh, that's good. Mix in a water. Unreal. That's really good. Wheel snipe, celly, boys. Dirty fuckin' dangles, boys! That's really good. You nailed it. Not my pig, not my farm. Plus, this girl sounds like she rolls. I should meet her one day. Adios. Well, you have met her already though. I have? Yeah, Angie. The Angie?. Yes. In. Look at this mess! Look at all the dirty buttfilled cans. Degenerates. Bet that's not your first dirty butt fill. Inappropriate. Why? Uh, Joint Boy's right in the line of fire there. Somebody likes some Montreal steak spice in their tomato soup. Well, McMurray. How're ya now? Not so bad. That's. I'm good, and. Well. Are we gonna do. Whatever. So, every time. Every time we do this. We're gonna. McMurray! What? Now, no one likes beatin' up degens more than you, so we figured we'd give you a dang. Tyson, Joint Boy, youse helped us put up the shack, so only makes sense you help us defend it. Now, they got us on the weekend. We should nip this in the bud now, before they get the rest of Letterkenny. Well, that's all fine and dandy, Wayne, but I had to hire a hand to do the chores in my absence. You'll have to cover his wages. Same. I'm on nights right now. That's double time. You should try EI. Fuckin' degens from up country. It's costing us money to beat the shit out of these degens. Wells, if we wants to beats the shits out of 'em so bad that they nevers come backs, we're gonna need these guys. You know degens, they always come back. See, they're always coming back, is the thing. PitterPatter. Bought and paid for, for fuck sake. Dary. We're gonna advertise a party for degens, egg huckers, nose pickers, mailbox ruiners. And what we're gonna do is hide in degen blinds, which are very similar to deer blinds. And we are gonna put one right here. And over there, and there, and here. And that way, when the degens come rolling up on their sleds, we jump out of those degen blinds, and beat the shit out of them. Well, that's a good idea, Dary, except it's Tuesday. It sounds more like a Friday night thing, or even a Saturday night thing, or even a Sunday thing if you're squirrelly. Can't forget, of course, thirsty Thursdays. It's fuckin' Tuesday. I'd have a gagger right now. Now, I'm no American sniper style troubleshooter, but I'd say the next step is to discuss a stronger lure to get them out here. Well, whats do degens loves? Well, besides nosepickin', pissin' outside, nothing. Well, there are many things that if you were to watch the evening news, you would stop and say to yourself, What a fuckin' degenerate son of a bitch. I would say at the top of the list would probably be. Racists. God damn right. Racists is definitely degens. That's right, big hoss. Exactly. So, here's what we could do. Now, hear me out, just hear me out. What we could do is we advertise a party for ethnicities out here at the shack. And we could use the ethnicities to lure out the degens that we wants to beat the shits out of. Fuck sakes, that's offsides. Well, you didn't let me finish, Boss Hogg. So, what we could do, okay, is once we bring the ethnicities out here, we could beat up the degens before they could try to beat up the ethnicities. You're still walkin' a super fine line there, big chief. You didn't let me finish. See, what we can do now, is have the ethnicities help us beat up the degens like some kind of fantasy revenge of love of asswhooping. I guess I've seen that in a Quentin Tarantino film one or three times. Abort. There is that one thing you see in the news and immediately think, What a fuckin' degenerate. Well, to be fair. To be fair. To be fair. To be fair. There's more than a couple of things. Homophobists. Yeah. Yeah, no. Homophobes is definitely degens. You mean, like gaybashing. That's the one. That's the worst. Yeah, you're right. That is so gay. Wait, that there is homophobics. Who is? The less you say now, the less you have to apologize for later. Good. You see, Professor Tricia from my women's studies class teaches us that homophobia is not just condemning homosexualitys, but it's also not using the appropriate and preferred terms what homosexuals likes to be called by. Yeah, but they call themselves twinks sometimes. Like, I'd be offended by that. I might be offended by that, too. You see, where I'm from, sometimes when people think things are dumb or stupid, they just say that it's gay. Yeah, but you're not exposed to say that anymore. Are you a homophobes? No. Well, 'cause what you said was definitely homophobics. Fucks this is a lot of work. Hmm. It's like pickin' stones and doin' hay all at once. Fuckin' degens. I'm pretty sure you're a homophobist. I beat the shit out of you one time for beating up a gay. Yeah, I didn't know he was gay. He called me a fag. Well, this certainly has come full circle. Yeah, see, but youse being offendeds at being calleds a fag, is also technically homophobics. I'm gonna take a fuckin' migraine here. Well, see, where I'm from. We all knows where youse comes from, McMurray, but times they are a changin'. I think we can all agree here that homophobists are degenerates. You call the rest a misunderstanding. Call it a fuckin' day here. Ah, you had good intentions. Well, wait, just so I understand here, using gays to lure degens out here is just as bad, if not worse, than using ethnicities to lure degens out here that we wants to beats the shit out of? Christ sake. And Tyson didn't even say that the gays would help us beat up the degens, where the ethnicities would. So, I think it's obvious here, boys, my idea has a clear edge. Mmm, I think it's quite obvious that using human lures is pretty extreme. I'd really likes for you to meet Professor Tricia. Okay, so using gays is homophobic. Tip of the iceberg, bud. What about, fake gays? Well, what's a fake gays? Well, someone who may appear to be gay, but is not actually gay. And therefore, it would not be gaybashing. Well, yes, you'd wanna avoid a hate crime if you could. So, you wants to use fake gays to lures the degens? Perhaps. Okay, listen. Just so long as everyone's heard my messages loud and clears. I thinks I can lives with that. Okay. This has been very diplomatic and rational. I think the next step in the order of business here, would be to go and find some fake gays for these degenerates to beat up. I know where to look. Put a fuckin' shirt on. Barts. Yorkie. Schultzy. Fisky. Katy? Hey, bud. Hey, bud. The boys are supposed to have just dusted praccy. Aw, twoadays. They're on dry land now. Unreal. Hundy P. Been wheelin'? Been turnin' on the jets, yeah. Some notches on the bed post? I've been notching. Hashtag notch or die. Eat. Sleep. Notch. Who? Been making my way up the roster. A full roster? No callups, obviously. Yeah, of course. They're not even schmelts yet. And not Reilly and Jonesy. I'd never touch them. I'd never want to piss you off. About that. Yeah? Do you remember when you cheated on my brother? Yeah. And I went around town telling everyone that I was going to get you? Yeah. But then you left town, so I couldn't. Couldn't what? Get you. Yeah. I guess, I could still. Get you. Yeah. Stay away from this dressing room. Yeah. And all the players in it. Yeah. Especially Reilly and Jonesy. Yeah. And one more thing. Yeah? Open your eyes.  Fuckin' get after it then. Hey, big brother. Good and you? Don't say I never done nothin' for ya. Konnichiwa. You are an embarrassment, Devon. For shame, Devon!. A girl! You know, not to bitch and complain. Not to piss and moan. It's a lot of work, these fuckin' degens, I know. Figures you have to look at the checklist. Advertised for a gay party? We really need some sort of bar in this town. Or homosexual. Or queers. You know, however they choose to be identified. Check. Recruited fake gays. God, those guys are pansies. Check. Tidied up the area in and around the shack to make it look presentable for a fake gay party. Took all goddamn day, but. Check. Constructed degen blinds, so that we may hide out and wait for the degens to try and ambush the fake gay party. Fucks it cold. Check. Paid Tyson and McMurray their wages, so as to help us beat the shit out of the degens. Fuckin' degens. Check. You should really try EI. Right, then we're ready to get this rig rollin'. Not a moment too soon. Here they come. Okay, everybody into their degen blind. When the motion sensor light bulb comes on, time to jump out and beat the shit out of the degens. Thank Christ. 'Cause if there was even one more chore, I mean, even one more chore involved in beating the shit out of degens from up country, I'd be pulling the chute.   Okay, gonna need to replace the light bulb on the motion sensor light. No! Oh, hot Jimmy. My farmhand just texted me and said he's got the scoots, he's gotta go home. Means I gotta go chorin' boys. McMurray, tell him to drop trou' in the gutter like a real man. Be the boss, McMurray. Oh, I don't wanna be a dick. What if he shits himself? Old boss is always a dick till you meet the new one. Good. Shit! Boss needs me to come in. It's an emergency. Yeah, the wheels are falling off here, good buddy. Well, we needs Tyson and McMurray, there's gonna be a baker's dozen sleds coming around the corner, and we are way the fucks outnumbered. Wanna know what? All this work involved in luring these degens out here, all these fuckin' chores. Fuckin' cold. We bring these shirtless nut sacs out here to be fake gay dudes. I'm still not sure how I feel about that. Yeah, there's something wrong. I don't know what it is, or why, but there is. It's not quite sexist, but it's not quite homophobist. It's something though. I know it is. It's not PCs, that's for damn sures. I'm just thinking, all this work luring them out, wouldn't the more efficient thing be to repel them? That's a Texassized 104! I'm farting! Appropriate! Well, I could always stay to just kick the shit out of them just 'cause they're here. And then I have to leave right away, right after, to get back to chorin'. Fuck! Same. EI, boys.  Well, yeah. Like, we're already out here. We're already set up. We'll beat the shit out of them before chorin'. Well, maybe next time we'll just try to repels them. Well, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Well, what could we put out here that would make sure that nobody ever came out here for anything ever? I know where to look! It had to have been a sick ostrich. All right. After autumn. Ask anyone around the area about accuracy. Arctic activities are abundant, astonishing, astounding and A1 on all accounts. Back up. But before beach bodies, bros better bundle up in boots, blankets, and balaclavas because a bloody, bitter breeze will blow brisk, blustery and bleak. Careful. Correct and common to cocoon in a cap, coat and comforter, because a cutting cold can consume your character, occasionally create a corpse and continually compress your cock. Don't. Don't you dare dawdle, dillydally, or dick around after dark in December, she's definitely damn drafty if you're down a duvet. Easily. Each and every earthling's environmentally enslaved. Fact. It's fucking freezing. It's friggin' frigid. You're fit for flu in February without fleece, flannel, fullfledged furnace, or fire. Go on. It's goddamn glacial, go grab gloves or garb and gear up for gusts. Hear ya. Hypothermia, if you don't heat your home to half hellish it's harsh. Hibernate in a hoodie, hot chocolate, Harry and the Hendersons. Infinitely icy. Inhabit indoors. Isolated and insulated. Incubate the igloo. Illness is an issue. Influenzas implied. Infections imminent. Immunity is impossible. Just joking. Ah, just joshin' jargon. It ain't jail. Jackets in January's no jigsaw. Keep calm. Killjoys keep comfy in their kingdom, crashing kilos of Kleenex, keen for cozy kayaking with their kids when the key is killing kegs with your kin. Literally. Losers live life locked in their layers, lingering lazy and lifeless, lost like legit loners, while the leaders in larger learning let loose. Muff. Earmuffs, mittens and mucus medicine, till mighty maniacal Mother Nature makes milder, mellower, and meltier moves. Motivate your mates, like the Moose Marc Messier. Maybe mix a martini for your maiden, if you've met your match. Nature. Naturally nippy, but that's nothin' new up north. Normal naturistic narrative. Not national news. Overcast. Overcoats and overshoes, obviously. Polar. Parkas and pullovers, particularily. Tried quail? A quantity of quality quilts is quaint and quasiquintessential to avoid quivering and quash quarrelling if quarantined to one's quarters. Try quail. Reindeer. Well, not raw rookie. In a rosemaryrubbed roast with radish, wrapped in rich, rare bacon after removing Rudolph's red nose. Sleddin'. So, we're sound. Sled's a synonym for snowmobiles. Snowmobile's a synonym for sled. So, a sled is a snowmobile, a snowmobile is a sled. Super? Terrific. Trust a traditional turtleneck to maintain a toasty temperature over time. Ugly. Useful. Vile. Valuable. Whatever. Whiteouts and wind chills, walk it off, whiners. Withdraw whimpering and wake up, wankers. Wrathful wicked weather. Wear woolens or waterproof wardrobe. Warm your wet workwear by the woodstove. Winter is wonderful, wild and wide. Exactly. Exceptionally. Yup. Yeah. Zero. Degrees? Well, subzero. Aw, zip it. Guess those idiots won't be bothering us anymore, neeyawa. How are you now? Please don't talk to me like a fuckin' hick. Not so bad. Are you serious with that fuckin' turtleneck? You lose a lot of heat in the neck. I'm okay, if that's what you're askin'. That's what I'm askin'. I wasn't ready to have a kid. Well, that is your choice to make. You're goddamn right it's my choice. Sure, it is. I'm glad I took care of it. Well, that is your right. You're goddamn right it's my right. I'm not even sure if it was yours, but thank you. Thanks for the smokes and Pepperettes. I'll see ya when I see ya, boo. Over and out. You gots a cold there, Darys? Hmm, just a cough. Well, you knows what they says. If you don't take care of a cold, she'll stay for seven days. If you take care of it, she'll be gone in a week. Yep. We can't promise summers but we'll guarantees winters. You fuckin' serious with that turtleneck? Yeah, you lose a lot of heat in the neck. Jivin' Pete says he pulls a pikes outta here yesterday. Heard Jivin's been hanging out with some degens from up country. He's a decent guy, but ain't no way he pulled no pike outta here yesterday. Says he pulled a pikes, a perch, a wallseyes and a trout. Is that a brook trout? No, it'd be lake trout. Why's that? 'Cause we're on a fuckin' lake, Dary. I'm hungry. There's whitefish in the cooler. Well, how the fuck did that get there? I pulled outta here before you's got here. No, you never. Did too. No, you never. Did too. No, you never. If you did you'd still be talking about it. Oh yeah, well, where'd it come from then? Well, you brought it from home likely. Well, there's nothin's even to cooks it on anyways. You gonna let that stop you? What do you means? Haven't you ever heard of sashimis? Sashimis? Oh, I got time for sashimis. What about sushi? Sushis. Oh, I got so much time for sushis. Yeah, we should pull it out and hack it out and down the hatch. Oh no, I knows what it is, I just. I just don't think you needs to put an s on the end to that word. Hey, Dary, you ever had sushis with shrimps? Yeah. You ever had sushis with unagis? Yeah. That's eels. Oh, I know that's eels. I just. I'm pretty sure you don't needs an s to pluralize those words. Hey, Dary, you ever had sashimis with salmons? Oh, yeah. You ever had sashimis with tunas? Yeah. With wasabis? Oh, yeah. Love wasabis. I like wasabis, too. If asks you politelys to stop this, would you do it? Oh, you can have yellowfin tunas, bluefin tunas. I think tunas make the best sashimis. I thinks I'm having a panics attack. Well, the Japanese call the bluefin tunas maguro tunas, those are kind of like the default tunas that they use in sushis. Yeah, but toro is a more expensive tuna but it makes the best sashimis. Oh, it's way better than salmons. Hey! When's. When's Katy's gettin' back from the citys? Oh, she'll come back when she's good and ready. She'll figure it out. I figure she'll be back for sledding season. Oh, Katy loves sleddin'. It chap your ass at all that there's only one shack on the shed trail through Letterkenny? Well, it doesn't chap my ass, but I guess there could be another stop along the trail for a social. Yeah, like it doesn't chap my ass either, but I'm just sayin' that sleddin' and socials go together like piss and a fart. Yeah. I guess there could be another stop along the trail for a social. Could be another stop along the trail for a dart. Well, it's a great spot for a dartyparty. So, we're gonna build a new shack? I'm surprised we're not buildin' a new shack right now. That's what I'm sayin'. I figure it's about time that we stopped talkin' about it and started bein' about it. Oh, we could just throw up the structure and get all the materials paid off sellin' twodollar cans. Twodollar socials. Yeah, we could sell whitefish sashimis to help expedite the process. Oh, we could get real stinky and sell perch and walleye sushis. Hey! Walleye. Perch. And whitefish. Are not. Sushi or. Sashimi grade. Well, yeah, I guess you'd have to do pot to accomplish that sort of appetite. Says you. Pregame sandos? Check, buddy. Pregame nappies? Check, bro. Don Cherry's Rock 'Em Sock 'Em 6 for motivation? Don Cherry's Rock 'Em Sock 'Em 6. Chel Tourney for game situation visualization? Second Chel Tourney for peak performance imagery. Pregame dump? No pregame dump. Hmm. No pregame cruncher. No pregame deucer. Better go drop that bomb. Better go release the chocolate hostage. Better bust a grumpy. Better go call in a code brown. Better go boost one. Eat. Sleep. Boost. Caffeine. Check. Creatine? Check. Livin' the dream. Livin' the dream. Hold my spitter. Hold my spitter. All right, how're we gonna fuck this pig? Well, you're gonna wanna starts with dimensions. What're you thinkin' there? 14by16. What, you wanna play dodgeball in there, Dary? 14by16, well, that's five me's, five you's and five Dary's. You wanna play three team dodgeball in there, Dan? Call it 12by14. You wanna play fuckin' dodgeball in there, Dary. 12by14. That's four me's, four you's and four Dary's. You wanna play twoteam dodgeball with one sub each in there, Dan? How about 8by10? Well, I'd fuck with 8by10. No, you're not playin' no dodgeball in no 8by10s. I never wanted to play no dodgeball in no 8by10. Oh, I got so much time for 8by10. 8by10, that's three me's, three you's and two Dary's. Comfortably? You're cozy. Plus some wiggle room in there. Call it 8by10. Call it a Texas size 104, good buddy. Show you how we're gonna have the structure. What we're gonna do is put a space heater here, mini fridge here. Gonna throw the genny right out there. What about the sushis and sashimis? Hey!  Hey! Hey. How're ya now? Good, and you? Not so bad. You fuckin' serious with that turtleneck? Lose a lot a heat in the neck. You fuckin' serious with that hair? Figure it out. You figure it out. Where you's been? Modeling. How's that for you? Boring. Okay. There's no money in it. Way she goes. A monkey could do it. Good enough. Missed sleddin' season, too. I told you she'd miss sleddin' season. I was the one who said she'd figure it out. You figure it out. You figure it out. Where's your shits? About that. These are. My friends. Well, what are your friends named? Shep and Kingsley. Those are dude's names? Yeah. They sound like dog names. I don't like where this is goin'. We'll be in my room. Guys, hang up your coats. Where's your fuckin' shirt, Shep? Where the fuck is your shirt, Kingsley? It ripped. It ripped? Mine too. How? 'Cause I'm so fat. Me too, I'm so fat. I'm a bat fastard. I'm a fat podger. Guys. Enough, let's go. If I was a Dr. Seuss book I'd be The Fat in the Hat. If I was an arcade fighting game I'd be Mortal Komfat. If I was one of the five boroughs in New York City I'd be the Fatten Island. If I was an Italian citystate I'd be the Fatican. Put a fuckin' shirt on! I don't know what happened to you dusters, but, fuck me, do you fuck dog! Walkin' around poutin' like your little sister took your last Oreo. And not a traditional Oreo, no, a limited edition Oreo, or seasonal Oreo they're gonna take off the shelf for another year. Hey, Barts, did little Natiesha take your last Halloween Oreo? You didn't get a chance to say goodbye to that delicious orange frosting? What about you, Yorkie? Huh? Did little Tamsyn take your last Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Oreo? Well, it gets worse. Those have been discontinued forever. What about you, Scholtzy, huh? Did little Tay'Rhonda take your last Ice Cream Oreo Orange Sherbet? That is a summertime flavor. Good luck suckin' back on one of those in the next six months. Fisky, I know. You're a Birthday Cream Fudge guy. They're all gone. What? Little DeSondra was the culprit. And her pal LarawnShawn took the last Heads or Tails Mega Stuff, too! Hey, Boomtown. You're an only child. You got your NASCAR Daytona Oreos? It's fucking embarrassing! Let me give you some advice, donkeys. Take a page out of Jonesy and Reilly's book. My boys, I skipped curfew call for you last night 'cause I knew you'd be doin' legs, and I didn't want to interrupt. We've been doin' legs twoadays since the first week of summer, Coach. Blocked every wheelchair ramp in the arena so we'd have to do stairs. Tenacity. You can't teach that. You know, I never thought those pheasants would fuck the dog so hard that you two would become my studs! Thanks, Coach. Thanks, Coach. Well, I need one win. One W. What are you gonna do to get me that? Selfish hockey. Selfish hockey. That's right. Selfish hockey! Break it down. Skate the puck. Don't pass it. Head man's still gonna be there when you catch up. Take it coasttocoast. Shots from poor angles are still shots. Buck and a half, twominute shifts, three minutes even. Cruise the blue line to catch your breath. Bad bounce, that's a good breakaway. Gotta get the bounces, boys. Perfect. And a retaliation penalty never hurt anyone. What's our mantra?. They don't ask how, they ask how many. That's right. What did I tell you about stick tape? You don't need it! The only people that'll be worrying about puck handling are Jonesy and Reilly! Save it for them! Huh? W! Well, let's fuck this pig. Structure goes here. Sled parking here. Pretty good spot for pissin' over there. Pissin' outside's for dogs and degens. I piss outside as much as the dog does. Well, I'm not above it either. I'm just sayin'. Fuck, we could really use some kind of bar in this town, eh? Katy. Big brother. How're ya now? Good and you? Not so bad. My friends need to borrow clothes. Give 'em barn clothes. I won't have barn clothes in the house. They stink. Guess you have to put your friends in the fuckin' barn then. They don't have any clothes of their own. Okay. They don't have any money. Way she goes. Models are always broke. Good enough. You have a baker's dozen plaid shirts. They only need two. Give them the handmedowns I got from Dan's second cousin. Who, Garrett? No, Jarrett. 104. Over and out. These are the only ones that fit. 'Cause we're too podgey. Ugh, don't start. If I was a major league baseball team I'd be the L. A. Podgers. If I was a major league baseball pitcher I'd be Podger Clemens. If I was a pickup truck I'd be a Podge Ram. If I was a disguising clothing pattern made for hunting and combat I'd be camoupodge. No, better without the shirts. Okay. Now, go shut both doors and lock them.  Roald.  You'll need to repeat that. He's gone. He's gone? Along with all his stuff. Devon is gone. Roald. Dude. Hysterics are fruitless. (HIGHPITCHED SQUEAL) Stewart. Tears are useless. Stewart. Pain is inevitable. Where? Why? W motherfucking five! I don't know. He had everything here. Hours upon hours of ultracompetitive gaming laced with hiphop karaoke. Add a dash of latenight loitering and a splash of petty vandalism. And what have you got?. Stewart. Utopia, Arcadia, Kingdom come! Devon hated petty vandalism. He called it twobit. Shabby. Shoestring. Mmm, hence the term, petty, Roald. Don't be redundant. But you're right, he did hate that. This was his. Verify. Yeah. Yes. You got it the summer before grade six at a Sidewalk Sale Day. Went halfsies on it. Veracious. And this? Roald, substantiate! Yes. You stole it from his grandma so you could game Ecco the Dolphin on Sega CD in grade three. Irrefutable. Well, I guess he didn't take all of his stuff, now, did he? Fuck me, that was refreshing. Incoming! Stink bombs? Devon. Fuck, she looks friendly as a couch, ain't she, boys? Went up faster than shit through a goose, too. Licketysplit. Real nice of Tyson and Joint Boys to help us out. More hands make less work. Welp. Fire up the genny, Gary. Now test out the motion sensor, Dan. Boss, man. I appreciates this. Aw, it's tits. Well, there's one step left. Yeah! Christen it? Should we christen it? Well, are we gonna christen it? Should we christen it? I feel like we should be christening it. Well, I'm surprised we're not christening it right now. Gordie Howe hat trick, ferda. Game puck goes to Gordie. Yeah. I had 18 shots on net, boys. Ovechkin numbers. Played no less than 38 minutes. Duncan Keith numbers. But, uh, 94 ferda. Ferda other team. You know, it's sick, unreal stats. But, uh. Be nice to have a couple of W's, too. Be nice to have a W. Players only meeting? Yeah. Coach is right, I mean, no W's on the season that's just. Fucking embarrassing! Coach. Players only meeting. Oh. Well, that's embarrassing. Jesus. All right you pheasants, what's the problem? Spill it, pheasys. My wife left me, you little bitch! Feels like someone ran a coarse glove hustle on my love muscle. Yorkie? Same, Barts. Feels like someone forkgored my pork sword. Scholtzy? She's gone. Feels like someone took a big snackers on my little knackers. Pussy. Fisky. Out the door. Feels like someone slammed a super soccer kick into my RonDonny long schlong. Boomtown! I'm an only child, as Coach previously and pitilessly pointed out. I'd kill for a little Natiesha, Tamsyn, Tay'Rhonda, DeSondra, LarawnShawn, in my life. But someone did steal my last NASCAR Daytona Oreo! That wasn't funny! But, you all love your wives. What happened, boys?   Angie? Boys. Unreal game. Who wants to take me out for a sando? I'll let you work it out. Angie? That's my girl, you little bitch. She makes me want to rub slick on my disco stick. Yorkie? Correction, Barts. She's mine. She makes me wanna go Warcraft all over my man shaft. Scholtzy. Mine. She makes me wanna take a low fiver to my deepV diver. Pussy. Fisky? Uhuh. She's mine. She makes me wanna take a fresh fruit to my flesh flute. Boomtown! You all have sisters. I hope you're kind to them. I hope you cherish them. This one's mine! This is bad, buddy. This is really bad, buddy. I think we've got. A puck bunny. It looks darker out here than the inside of a fuel tank. Head towards the sensor light, Dan. I don't appreciates this. Well, how we gonna fuck this pig? We find who did it. And we beat the shit out of them.Your pals found a package that belonged to a coupla Degens the other day. You're wrong, you're wrong you're wrong. Hey! Where was it? Dollar Store parking lot. Tell him whose it was. Soupy Campbell's and Spider Creemanse's. Argh. Well, did you open it? Nope. Popped in right back in the mailbox. Proper thing. Shoulda opened it. That just didn't feels right on accounts that it wasn't ours. Well, by the rules of 'finders keepers,' it was yours. So you shoulda opened it. Yeah, it was our guyses by the rights. I begs to differ. Even though we founds it, it was still technically their guyses. It was yours, fair and square. With all dues respects, Miss Katys, it was them fellowses, just landed in our guyses hands brieflys. Hmm, I'm with Katy. It was our guyses. And now we'll never know what was in Soupy's and Spider's package. That's what I said. Looks, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, You guyses let yer consciences get in the way of something that was rightfully your guyses. And you might be right. She's right. Their guyses loss is our guyses gain. There's something not right here. Not pertaining to whose package it was, but just. like the English language part of it You guys keep saying, Your guyses, and Our guyses, and Them fellowhases. Okay, just, 'kay, you know what, 'kay, what say Katy and I find a wallet. Whose wallet is it? Yours and Katyses. No. Wayneses and Katy.ses. It's ours. Correct. Or Katy's and mine. You know what, it kinda chaps my ass more than just a wee bit when people use big words to sound smart. It's far more smart and efficient to use small words. Save your breath for something more important, like chorin' or toe curlin'. Hmm, especially toe curlin'. You know, I thinks I know what you'res insinuating at here, Wayne. And I want you to know I take great solstice in working through all the conflictions that come from the King and Queens language. Shall I call you an ambleance, Dan? Or better yet, a whambleance? The library has a lots of choice literature to help through your confliction, Dan. Well, the lieberry's is full of choice laterature. Irregardlessly. expresso. Ooh, now that one's so wrong, it might as well be right. In any event, the decision on what happens to the package, is Darylses, and Danses, not mine and Katyses. But you did the right thing, Dan. Well, thank you. I appreciate yer support. Sssss. Hey, have you ever seen that movie, There's Something About Mary? Bet you didn't know they're making a Canadian version. Yeah. It's gonna be called, There's Something About Marie. Guys by applause, who agrees with me on this. Women are like cats. Men are like dogs, right? Oh, yeah, case in point. There's your waitress, everyone. Meow. Yeah, Bonnie. Don't forget the tip. Actually, you should give her more than just the tip, tip her on her back and smash her, yeah!. Oy! How about I tip you on your back and smash you with a rusty rebar, until you apologize to my sister, you shitty fuckin' citiot. I'll smash you too that' all I know. Okay, what's your problem tightywhitey? Jeez, it's like Mr. Clean shopped at Baby Gap, right? You're gonna be shopping for a new suit at the morgue unless you take a log off that fire, pussy! Yeah, all right, settle down, Olaf from Frozen. You forget that shirt in the dryer for three years and now, it's cutting off all the oxygen to your brain. Settle down, you can breathe. Get the fuck of the stage. Yeah. Hey, hey, okay, here's one for ya, uh. why did the chicken cross the road? Why? To get the fuck out of Letterkenny. This place fuckin' sucks!. Boo. Oh, yeah. Nice. What am I suddenly in LetterKenya? You guys run fast. Wow, I thought you guys would appreciate that. It's racist, just like you. Okay! Thanks very much, Letterkenny. This has been the exact opposite of fun. Too bad the show wasn't in Betterkenny, 'cause you guys are the worst audience ever! No, you suck. Here's some chicken, funny man. What the fuck?. This is a real place. You think this is easy? Think it's so fuckin' easy. Why don't you try it yourselves?. What's up boys? What's up, tank top? Aw, looks like you guys could use a bit of a tuneup. Yeah, summer shape is slip sliding away, boys. You're letting yourselves go a little bit, eh? Getting ready for the SAG awards? Hmm, you two are going to be the rollsiest, pollsiest, Letterkenny Irish ever seen boys. Rollsiest of the pollsiest, ferda. What are you fuckin' blind? The fuck are you smoking boys? Looks like you buys can use some crossfit. That's squat's up. Wait, you dick farmers work here, now? Oh, more like Celebrity Endorsers. Get the Celebrity Endorphins going. Celebrity Enforcers. Uppin' memberships, droppin' shoulder dips. Gettin' yolked boys? You guys want a free trial? We put the abs in absolutely free. Full body workout, absoglutely, bro. Crunch and munch, boys. Crunch then brunch, boys. Play the cards you're dealt. Chuckin' tires and muscle fires, boys. It'a cardio day. Fuck cardio. Why would we get training from you? You look like our before pictures. Squat's the matter, are you chicken?. Wayne. WAYNE AND. How'r you. We're good, man. Not so bad. Look, I'm getting real sick. One time. You go. Get after it. All right. Ahem. The lovely Mrs. McMurray and I have been doing some very serious thinking. Maybe we should try it ourselves. Stand up comedy? Or something similar. Well, to be fair. To be fair. To be fair. To be fair, it's likely pretty tough sledding up there, for a standup comedian. That comedian was a joke. Well that's a good one, big hos. Thank yous. Let me put it this way, okay, I was this close to making that standup comic a liedown comic. I don't get it. Well, I'm just saying that I was thinking about whoopin' his ass and so I imagined he would have been lying down had I done that. Well, see there you go, point and proof you're up there trying to be funny like a nut sack, if nobody gets your shit, you're hooped like him. So. So can confirm it's pretty tough sleddin' up there for a standup comedian. Ah, okay. I get it. Could use a little work. Point for testdriving it though. In any event. In any event. In any event, we should host our own talent show. That's not a bad idea. How're we gonna get the word out? Ah, you can put it on your fuckin' Facebooks, likely. And whos will be preforming at this events? Who wouldn't, that's the question. The fuck else is there to do around here. Jimmy Dickens should host. So we just need judges and a few more acts. Well, I'll judge and so will he. Why?. Born to judge, bud. All right. There's our judges. Now we just need a few more acts. Would you be needing a joke smith for this esteems affair? 'Cause I've always wanted to try my hand at stands ups comedy. And I've often wondered how those courageous souls makes it work. Salt of the earth people, stand up comedians. For the most part. You're in. That leaves you, Daryl. Got any special talent you'd like to share with the class? Oh, I don't know. I'd be half scared to get up there. That means you'd be half excited too. Well, we could make first prize $100 bar tab at MoDean's if that colors the water any different for you. He's in. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good stuff. Wayne? Dary? What'd you get me into? It's time to get back on the horse, bud. Oh, no. No, I took that horse out the back side of the barn. Put her down for good. And for good reason. Are you forgettin' where you come from? 'Cause it sounds to me like you're forgettin' where you come from. Are you forgettin' your roots? Your linedancing lineage is legendary. You will find no finer liners, Dary. Aunt Doreen made it to sectionals. I was not given that gift. Aunt Doreen could have gone to provincials. Some say she could have gone to regionals. If she had lived in the States, she would have gone to state. Oh, how she'd have won state. She'd a took state. If it hadn't have been for. She didn't have the. If it weren't for the. .bum leg. Buerger's disease. Was it Buerger's? Yes. Buergers. Didn't she get treated at the Mayo Clinic? Yes. She got her Buerger's treated with mayo. Did she do that to ketchup to the competition? Did she ketchup? Yes. And despite her Buerger's, she never beefed with anyone. She relished a challenge. That was a challenge that she relished. Mustard up the courage. She worked her buns off. She worked the buns off her Buergers. No cheesy moves. Lettuce all be inspired by her. She lettuce. No hotdogging. Just Beurgers. The point is, if Aunt Doreen can do all that with a gouty gam, you sure as shit can line dance in Letterkenny. I guess you're right. If Aunt Doreen can do it with a shitty stick, then I can probably get up on stage at the talent show for Aunt Doreen. The thing is, I just wished I had your guyses confidence. Or Fred Astaire's. es. Hey, guys, I was over at Gailers. How's Gailer? You know, usual. Upbeat and horny. Who's your guys favorite stand up comedians? Mark Forward. Dave Chappelle. Steven Wright. Why? Who's yours? Oh, big fella. Hell of a storyteller. Handsome as the day is long. Can't remember his name though. Good guy? Great guy. I'm glad to hear he's a good guy, at least. Anywho. I was wondering if I could get your guyses opinions on something. Okay. I've been working on my stand up act. My style's going to be observationals comedy. Pretty much I'm just going to make observations about daystoday life. You wants to hear one? Sure. All right. Did yous ever notice when you goes to the gas station and there's a line up you always picks which vehicles to waits behind and, and the other fellas whats you didn't get behind is always done first? Always happens every time. Kind of makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Yeah, that's a choice observation, Squirrely Dan. Yeah, that happens sometimes. All right. All right. Let me try's another one. Did you ever notice you're at the grocery store and you picks a cart what with to do shopping with, you always seem to grabs the one that got the squeaky wheel. It almost happens every single time, every time. Kind of makes a fella wonder. don't it? Yeah. Yeah, I just needs to cook up a few more of these, and I'm in business. Yeah, yous never know. You're letting gravity win these days, boys. No more man cans. No more puddin' pecs. No ifs, ands or guts. So, let's gut going. First things first, you're gonna reach your arm up as high as it will go touch that ceiling. Higher than Ariana Grande doing a Mariah Carey cover. I told you, it's cardio day. Fuck cardio. Goddamn it. Gotta crack a snappy for the Winstagram, buddy. Yeah, couple of pickies for the chickies. Gymstagram, bro. Instapicks, instachicks. Gotta provide people with proof you're pressin' pounds, otherwise what's the point? Am I right? Welcome Letterkenny, to the first ever Letterkenny Talent Show. Round of Applause. How many people are we looking at here? We got 20 little people over here. We're looking at 25, 25 little, lotta people lookin' away. Lookin' 25, we got 30 little people over here. Doop, dee, doop, dee, dee doop do theme song. Let's check in with our judges to see what they're looking for. First up is Katy. Hey, Jim, um. You know, I guess I'm just looking for something that I've never seen before. This is hour opportunity, Letterkenny. Tonight it's your stage. Couldn't have said it better myself, if I tried, 567 times, how about 8? Okay, I'll take 8. How about 9 times? Now we're looking at 10 times. How many times should I have tried before I died, maybe 13. Last up is Wayne. What are you lookin to see here, tonight, Wayne? Don't fuck it up, bud. There you have it. Well, it's time for our first act of the night. Here to perform a monologue from her favorite movie, Gladiator. It's Gail. I do apologize. This is a monologue from Gladiator, XXX Gladheateher. Lingus, you barbarian. Let your Italian hands, Rome all over my body. You're such a gifted orator. Unsheathe your sword. I implore you. Spare me you dick tator. Oh, I'm about to Climaximus. Oh, oh, what we do in life echoes in eternitittiees. Ah! Oh. Well, that was bang on. Even better than the movie. Thanks. This one's for you, Barbara.  Cut. Glen? What? I was just wondering, where exactly do you want Wayne to touch you? Where do I wan. Where do I want Wayne to touch. My spirit. What else would I mean? Well. Don't answer that. What the actual fuck was that Stewart? Scream therapy juxtaposed against selfexpression from the streets. You've just witnessed the new genre of dance that's about to slit through the SaudiSamoan, Estonian, Scandinavian, Istanbullian Sri Lankan, Swiss, Saharan, Southern State sub underground city streets! It's called. .ache dancing. And now, for our second set. Oh, you're a little rascal, aren't you, little girl. Oh, oh, am I in twouble Santa?. I've been a really good girl, this year. Uh, you've been a naughty girl. (MRS. MCMURRAY SQUEALS) You need a bare bum spanking like this. MRS. No! No. yes, yes, you've been naughty. You have been so naughty. You little. thing. .and bury my jingle balls. What the fuck, Wayne! These costumes weren't cheap. Doing you a favor before you had to get 'em dry cleaned. Well, we're still gonna need 'em dry cleaned, don't you worry. . in a little roleplaying isn't it baby. Hi, snipers. Who squat, when, where, why, snippies? Cardio day. Fuck, cardio. So you think that we could get some training? Oh, for sure. The most important thing is to get a high angle. It makes your eyes pop and your eyebrow game on point. You ladies know your angles? If you don't provide people with proof that you're pressing pounds, what's the point? I meant crossfit training. From them. I mean, yeah, sure, if you want to start with beginners. Dip your toe in the water before you commit? Start soft, makes sense. Those fellas will show you the ropes, literally. More satisfied customers, buddy. See what happens when we work the celebrity endorphins, buddy?. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Appies and ales, wheelin' some tails. You bet. Ninja dust. Oh, calm down, everybody. Calm down. Now did, did you ever notice. lineups at the Dollar Store is gettin' longer. Like, I just stopped in there to get a candy bar the other day. I'm stuck waitin' three hours behind Mrs. Henderson buying a whole kitchen sink. It's true. Kinda makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Did you ever notice. overalls don't breathe very good. I get so hot out this summer I'm afraid I'm gonna steam the wrinkles out of my ball sack. Kinda makes a fella wonder. I like when he does that. Don't it? Oh, and did yous ever notice, Glen over here is wearing his glasses again. What's the matter over there Glen? You got poor eyesights? Dan, I sure do. Last winter, Gail got me Lasik, but it didn't take, so. I didn't say it was your fault. I didn't ask you for your life story, Glens. But it kinda makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Thank you everybody that's my time. Judges, a few. a few thoughts on Dan's act. I thought it was good, good, good, so good, we're looking at great, so great, we're talking about unbelievable making me laugh. Katy? Well, it was observational, as billed. Funny, 'cause it's true, I guess. Overall, not s'bad. Thank you, Miss. Katys. I appreciates your assessment. Appreciate it. Wayne. Well. Well, I liked it because what I see, I understand. Whereas everything else I've seen today I don't understand. I guess that makes you the fella to beat, Squirrely Dan. Hot dog. I don't know what that means, it's probably not this, but this was super easy. You do sinkers and you tells people about it. Have a good night. Yay, for Dan. Yay for Dan. Time for our final act at the Met this evening. This gentlemen comes from a long, long line of line dancers and tonight he's here to dance for you. Let's hear it for Daryl. ( SWAMP THING PLAYING). He's losing it. All for show offs up there. Hang on there, good buddy. Fuck cardio. ( SWAMP THING CONTINUES)Your pals found a package that belonged to a coupla Degens the other day. You're wrong, you're wrong you're wrong. Hey! Where was it? Dollar Store parking lot. Tell him whose it was. Soupy Campbell's and Spider Creemanse's. Argh. Well, did you open it? Nope. Popped in right back in the mailbox. Proper thing. Shoulda opened it. That just didn't feels right on accounts that it wasn't ours. Well, by the rules of 'finders keepers,' it was yours. So you shoulda opened it. Yeah, it was our guyses by the rights. I begs to differ. Even though we founds it, it was still technically their guyses. It was yours, fair and square. With all dues respects, Miss Katys, it was them fellowses, just landed in our guyses hands brieflys. Hmm, I'm with Katy. It was our guyses. And now we'll never know what was in Soupy's and Spider's package. That's what I said. Looks, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, You guyses let yer consciences get in the way of something that was rightfully your guyses. And you might be right. She's right. Their guyses loss is our guyses gain. There's something not right here. Not pertaining to whose package it was, but just. like the English language part of it You guys keep saying, Your guyses, and Our guyses, and Them fellowhases. Okay, just, 'kay, you know what, 'kay, what say Katy and I find a wallet. Whose wallet is it? Yours and Katyses. No. Wayneses and Katy.ses. It's ours. Correct. Or Katy's and mine. You know what, it kinda chaps my ass more than just a wee bit when people use big words to sound smart. It's far more smart and efficient to use small words. Save your breath for something more important, like chorin' or toe curlin'. Hmm, especially toe curlin'. You know, I thinks I know what you'res insinuating at here, Wayne. And I want you to know I take great solstice in working through all the conflictions that come from the King and Queens language. Shall I call you an ambleance, Dan? Or better yet, a whambleance? The library has a lots of choice literature to help through your confliction, Dan. Well, the lieberry's is full of choice laterature. Irregardlessly. expresso. Ooh, now that one's so wrong, it might as well be right. In any event, the decision on what happens to the package, is Darylses, and Danses, not mine and Katyses. But you did the right thing, Dan. Well, thank you. I appreciate yer support. Sssss. Hey, have you ever seen that movie, There's Something About Mary? Bet you didn't know they're making a Canadian version. Yeah. It's gonna be called, There's Something About Marie. Guys by applause, who agrees with me on this. Women are like cats. Men are like dogs, right? Oh, yeah, case in point. There's your waitress, everyone. Meow. Yeah, Bonnie. Don't forget the tip. Actually, you should give her more than just the tip, tip her on her back and smash her, yeah!. Oy! How about I tip you on your back and smash you with a rusty rebar, until you apologize to my sister, you shitty fuckin' citiot. I'll smash you too that' all I know. Okay, what's your problem tightywhitey? Jeez, it's like Mr. Clean shopped at Baby Gap, right? You're gonna be shopping for a new suit at the morgue unless you take a log off that fire, pussy! Yeah, all right, settle down, Olaf from Frozen. You forget that shirt in the dryer for three years and now, it's cutting off all the oxygen to your brain. Settle down, you can breathe. Get the fuck of the stage. Yeah. Hey, hey, okay, here's one for ya, uh. why did the chicken cross the road? Why? To get the fuck out of Letterkenny. This place fuckin' sucks!. Boo. Oh, yeah. Nice. What am I suddenly in LetterKenya? You guys run fast. Wow, I thought you guys would appreciate that. It's racist, just like you. Okay! Thanks very much, Letterkenny. This has been the exact opposite of fun. Too bad the show wasn't in Betterkenny, 'cause you guys are the worst audience ever! No, you suck. Here's some chicken, funny man. What the fuck?. This is a real place. You think this is easy? Think it's so fuckin' easy. Why don't you try it yourselves?. What's up boys? What's up, tank top? Aw, looks like you guys could use a bit of a tuneup. Yeah, summer shape is slip sliding away, boys. You're letting yourselves go a little bit, eh? Getting ready for the SAG awards? Hmm, you two are going to be the rollsiest, pollsiest, Letterkenny Irish ever seen boys. Rollsiest of the pollsiest, ferda. What are you fuckin' blind? The fuck are you smoking boys? Looks like you buys can use some crossfit. That's squat's up. Wait, you dick farmers work here, now? Oh, more like Celebrity Endorsers. Get the Celebrity Endorphins going. Celebrity Enforcers. Uppin' memberships, droppin' shoulder dips. Gettin' yolked boys? You guys want a free trial? We put the abs in absolutely free. Full body workout, absoglutely, bro. Crunch and munch, boys. Crunch then brunch, boys. Play the cards you're dealt. Chuckin' tires and muscle fires, boys. It'a cardio day. Fuck cardio. Why would we get training from you? You look like our before pictures. Squat's the matter, are you chicken?. Wayne. WAYNE AND. How'r you. We're good, man. Not so bad. Look, I'm getting real sick. One time. You go. Get after it. All right. Ahem. The lovely Mrs. McMurray and I have been doing some very serious thinking. Maybe we should try it ourselves. Stand up comedy? Or something similar. Well, to be fair. To be fair. To be fair. To be fair, it's likely pretty tough sledding up there, for a standup comedian. That comedian was a joke. Well that's a good one, big hos. Thank yous. Let me put it this way, okay, I was this close to making that standup comic a liedown comic. I don't get it. Well, I'm just saying that I was thinking about whoopin' his ass and so I imagined he would have been lying down had I done that. Well, see there you go, point and proof you're up there trying to be funny like a nut sack, if nobody gets your shit, you're hooped like him. So. So can confirm it's pretty tough sleddin' up there for a standup comedian. Ah, okay. I get it. Could use a little work. Point for testdriving it though. In any event. In any event. In any event, we should host our own talent show. That's not a bad idea. How're we gonna get the word out? Ah, you can put it on your fuckin' Facebooks, likely. And whos will be preforming at this events? Who wouldn't, that's the question. The fuck else is there to do around here. Jimmy Dickens should host. So we just need judges and a few more acts. Well, I'll judge and so will he. Why?. Born to judge, bud. All right. There's our judges. Now we just need a few more acts. Would you be needing a joke smith for this esteems affair? 'Cause I've always wanted to try my hand at stands ups comedy. And I've often wondered how those courageous souls makes it work. Salt of the earth people, stand up comedians. For the most part. You're in. That leaves you, Daryl. Got any special talent you'd like to share with the class? Oh, I don't know. I'd be half scared to get up there. That means you'd be half excited too. Well, we could make first prize $100 bar tab at MoDean's if that colors the water any different for you. He's in. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good stuff. Wayne? Dary? What'd you get me into? It's time to get back on the horse, bud. Oh, no. No, I took that horse out the back side of the barn. Put her down for good. And for good reason. Are you forgettin' where you come from? 'Cause it sounds to me like you're forgettin' where you come from. Are you forgettin' your roots? Your linedancing lineage is legendary. You will find no finer liners, Dary. Aunt Doreen made it to sectionals. I was not given that gift. Aunt Doreen could have gone to provincials. Some say she could have gone to regionals. If she had lived in the States, she would have gone to state. Oh, how she'd have won state. She'd a took state. If it hadn't have been for. She didn't have the. If it weren't for the. .bum leg. Buerger's disease. Was it Buerger's? Yes. Buergers. Didn't she get treated at the Mayo Clinic? Yes. She got her Buerger's treated with mayo. Did she do that to ketchup to the competition? Did she ketchup? Yes. And despite her Buerger's, she never beefed with anyone. She relished a challenge. That was a challenge that she relished. Mustard up the courage. She worked her buns off. She worked the buns off her Buergers. No cheesy moves. Lettuce all be inspired by her. She lettuce. No hotdogging. Just Beurgers. The point is, if Aunt Doreen can do all that with a gouty gam, you sure as shit can line dance in Letterkenny. I guess you're right. If Aunt Doreen can do it with a shitty stick, then I can probably get up on stage at the talent show for Aunt Doreen. The thing is, I just wished I had your guyses confidence. Or Fred Astaire's. es. Hey, guys, I was over at Gailers. How's Gailer? You know, usual. Upbeat and horny. Who's your guys favorite stand up comedians? Mark Forward. Dave Chappelle. Steven Wright. Why? Who's yours? Oh, big fella. Hell of a storyteller. Handsome as the day is long. Can't remember his name though. Good guy? Great guy. I'm glad to hear he's a good guy, at least. Anywho. I was wondering if I could get your guyses opinions on something. Okay. I've been working on my stand up act. My style's going to be observationals comedy. Pretty much I'm just going to make observations about daystoday life. You wants to hear one? Sure. All right. Did yous ever notice when you goes to the gas station and there's a line up you always picks which vehicles to waits behind and, and the other fellas whats you didn't get behind is always done first? Always happens every time. Kind of makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Yeah, that's a choice observation, Squirrely Dan. Yeah, that happens sometimes. All right. All right. Let me try's another one. Did you ever notice you're at the grocery store and you picks a cart what with to do shopping with, you always seem to grabs the one that got the squeaky wheel. It almost happens every single time, every time. Kind of makes a fella wonder. don't it? Yeah. Yeah, I just needs to cook up a few more of these, and I'm in business. Yeah, yous never know. You're letting gravity win these days, boys. No more man cans. No more puddin' pecs. No ifs, ands or guts. So, let's gut going. First things first, you're gonna reach your arm up as high as it will go touch that ceiling. Higher than Ariana Grande doing a Mariah Carey cover. I told you, it's cardio day. Fuck cardio. Goddamn it. Gotta crack a snappy for the Winstagram, buddy. Yeah, couple of pickies for the chickies. Gymstagram, bro. Instapicks, instachicks. Gotta provide people with proof you're pressin' pounds, otherwise what's the point? Am I right? Welcome Letterkenny, to the first ever Letterkenny Talent Show. Round of Applause. How many people are we looking at here? We got 20 little people over here. We're looking at 25, 25 little, lotta people lookin' away. Lookin' 25, we got 30 little people over here. Doop, dee, doop, dee, dee doop do theme song. Let's check in with our judges to see what they're looking for. First up is Katy. Hey, Jim, um. You know, I guess I'm just looking for something that I've never seen before. This is hour opportunity, Letterkenny. Tonight it's your stage. Couldn't have said it better myself, if I tried, 567 times, how about 8? Okay, I'll take 8. How about 9 times? Now we're looking at 10 times. How many times should I have tried before I died, maybe 13. Last up is Wayne. What are you lookin to see here, tonight, Wayne? Don't fuck it up, bud. There you have it. Well, it's time for our first act of the night. Here to perform a monologue from her favorite movie, Gladiator. It's Gail. I do apologize. This is a monologue from Gladiator, XXX Gladheateher. Lingus, you barbarian. Let your Italian hands, Rome all over my body. You're such a gifted orator. Unsheathe your sword. I implore you. Spare me you dick tator. Oh, I'm about to Climaximus. Oh, oh, what we do in life echoes in eternitittiees. Ah! Oh. Well, that was bang on. Even better than the movie. Thanks. This one's for you, Barbara.  Cut. Glen? What? I was just wondering, where exactly do you want Wayne to touch you? Where do I wan. Where do I want Wayne to touch. My spirit. What else would I mean? Well. Don't answer that. What the actual fuck was that Stewart? Scream therapy juxtaposed against selfexpression from the streets. You've just witnessed the new genre of dance that's about to slit through the SaudiSamoan, Estonian, Scandinavian, Istanbullian Sri Lankan, Swiss, Saharan, Southern State sub underground city streets! It's called. .ache dancing. And now, for our second set. Oh, you're a little rascal, aren't you, little girl. Oh, oh, am I in twouble Santa?. I've been a really good girl, this year. Uh, you've been a naughty girl. (MRS. MCMURRAY SQUEALS) You need a bare bum spanking like this. MRS. No! No. yes, yes, you've been naughty. You have been so naughty. You little. thing. .and bury my jingle balls. What the fuck, Wayne! These costumes weren't cheap. Doing you a favor before you had to get 'em dry cleaned. Well, we're still gonna need 'em dry cleaned, don't you worry. . in a little roleplaying isn't it baby. Hi, snipers. Who squat, when, where, why, snippies? Cardio day. Fuck, cardio. So you think that we could get some training? Oh, for sure. The most important thing is to get a high angle. It makes your eyes pop and your eyebrow game on point. You ladies know your angles? If you don't provide people with proof that you're pressing pounds, what's the point? I meant crossfit training. From them. I mean, yeah, sure, if you want to start with beginners. Dip your toe in the water before you commit? Start soft, makes sense. Those fellas will show you the ropes, literally. More satisfied customers, buddy. See what happens when we work the celebrity endorphins, buddy?. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Appies and ales, wheelin' some tails. You bet. Ninja dust. Oh, calm down, everybody. Calm down. Now did, did you ever notice. lineups at the Dollar Store is gettin' longer. Like, I just stopped in there to get a candy bar the other day. I'm stuck waitin' three hours behind Mrs. Henderson buying a whole kitchen sink. It's true. Kinda makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Did you ever notice. overalls don't breathe very good. I get so hot out this summer I'm afraid I'm gonna steam the wrinkles out of my ball sack. Kinda makes a fella wonder. I like when he does that. Don't it? Oh, and did yous ever notice, Glen over here is wearing his glasses again. What's the matter over there Glen? You got poor eyesights? Dan, I sure do. Last winter, Gail got me Lasik, but it didn't take, so. I didn't say it was your fault. I didn't ask you for your life story, Glens. But it kinda makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Thank you everybody that's my time. Judges, a few. a few thoughts on Dan's act. I thought it was good, good, good, so good, we're looking at great, so great, we're talking about unbelievable making me laugh. Katy? Well, it was observational, as billed. Funny, 'cause it's true, I guess. Overall, not s'bad. Thank you, Miss. Katys. I appreciates your assessment. Appreciate it. Wayne. Well. Well, I liked it because what I see, I understand. Whereas everything else I've seen today I don't understand. I guess that makes you the fella to beat, Squirrely Dan. Hot dog. I don't know what that means, it's probably not this, but this was super easy. You do sinkers and you tells people about it. Have a good night. Yay, for Dan. Yay for Dan. Time for our final act at the Met this evening. This gentlemen comes from a long, long line of line dancers and tonight he's here to dance for you. Let's hear it for Daryl. ( SWAMP THING PLAYING). He's losing it. All for show offs up there. Hang on there, good buddy. Fuck cardio. ( SWAMP THING CONTINUES)One of your dogs was being a degen the other day. What's up, what's up. Don't let the dog lick your boot. Off you go. Way y'go. Way y'go. Way y'go. What's the problem? Your boots are covered in piss. Are you accusing me of washing my boots in the toilet again? All dudes' shoes are covered in piss. From standin' in front of the toilet or a urinal. Your stream hits the water or the porcelain and it goes fuckin' everywhere. Prove it. No, he's right. Have you ever taken a look at the area half a foot in fronts of a urinal? It's like a miniature swamps. Ants could ride seadoos through it. Ants can't ride no seadoos. Of course ants can't ride no seadoos! Just don't let the dog lick your boots. I mean not to be an expert on the subject, 'cause of course, everybody's a fuckin' expert. Everybody's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. You know, when I was coming up we'd be lucky to even have a dog. Now everyone's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. You guys notice that whenever there's a problem everybody turns into a dog expert? We oughtta leave this world behind. Maybe they could. Maybe who could? Ants. Could what? Ride seadoos. Good buddy? See, there's a lot of variables at play here, obviously. But if you ask me if I've heard crazier things than ants riding seadoos. I'd say sure. You'd need a scientist. You'd need a team of scientists, I think. Well, ants are smart enough to walk single file and protect their queen. So, you know, they're just a stone's throw away from humans intelligencewise. They're a hop, skip and a jump, if you really think about it. You get a scientist to make a seadoo for an ant? Well, I think a team of scientists, a good one, for sure could. A scientist making seadoos for ants would be a tireless job. Thankless, likely, too. Well, you operates the gas with your thumb on the seadoo so, ants don't got thumbs. That right there is your first obstacles. No, you'd have to get scientists to make the gas a push button so the ant could just put his foot on it. It's like if a team of scientists was building a seadoo for an ant, they could likely just as easily build the ant a bionic thumb to operate the gas with. So, there's options there. Yeah. Ant would need a license to operate a personal watercraft. That's not a big deal. You can get that over the weekend. But the scientists would have to build them a PFD because they wouldn't let them take the course without it. Ants would have no problem stabilizing themselves out on the seadoo on accounts that they got more arms and legs than we do. They've got a leg up on us there, if you wants to be clever about it. If I'm an ant I'm operating the seadoo with my antennas. That way I've got all those arms and legs to stabilize myself on the machine, which you'd need like, if it's a wavy day on the water. It'd still take a lot of concentration from an ant. Like Dan's gonna fall off two or three times when he gets going. So it's just trial and error. I don't know. You don't know what? Well, think about Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. Think about how helpful and resilient the ant was the entire journey. Well, know what, I'm just gonna come right out and say it, the kids might never have got unshrunk if it weren't for the ant. That's all well and good, but I'm actually quite surprised you guys would suggest that the ants would just up and abandon his post protecting the queen to go ride on seadoos. Well, you don't know that ant, Dan. You know nothing about the ant, Dan. That's rather presumptuous of youse. You're an ant comin' up in a tough neighbourhood. Never caught a break in your life. All of a sudden there's a team of scientists outside your door with a seadoo. Dan, look me in the eye right now and tell me you don't ride it. The ant's buddies would be thrilled to help him out. They'd happily cover his shift protecting the queen. An opportunity like that? They'd be linin' up around the anthill. How many more opportunities like that you think the ant's going to get? Not many. That's the first ant in the colony to ride a seadoo. That's his legacy. They'd be talking about that ant intercolonial. Fire ants wouldn't fuck with him. He rides seadoos. What's the alternative? Yeah, what's the alternative? Work on an ant farm? That ant's got a life on the outside, he's got to live it God dammit. His hours might have got cut. He might have mouths to feed. You don't know. His wife's thinking about leaving, taking the kids too. I was out of line. Well, good people make mistakes, Dan. Yeah, it's all right. Just. just like, I don't know, like, down the road, I think, if you hear somebody talkin' about somebody that they don't really know, you'll swiftly correct them. I think it's important that they just learn something here. Not to be an expert, 'cause everybody's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. Can you get me some sour candies? Sure, KatyKat. You got him well trained, don't ya? Wayne, how'r ya now. Not s'bad. Good 'n you? Now. now hold on, Wayne, Wayne. Wayne, we aint' got time for the pleasantries, all right? Youse guys heard what the hockey coach is up to at the golf course? Fuck golf. Fuckin' ankle sock wearin' sallies, that's all I know. That fuckin' twat says there's too much shits from Canada Gooses on the golf course. There's too much shit from Canada Gooses everywhere. Just keep your dog out of it and keep walkin'. Exactly. But get this. To curb the amount of shits from Canada Gooses, that degenerate sonofabitch has put the wheels in motion to oil and grease up the eggs! Hot Jimmy! What the fuck ya talkin' about oil and grease up the eggs? They track down the Canada Gooses nests, put oil on Canada Gooses eggs so they won't hatch. Oh!  What?! So mother Canada Gooses sit on their eggs and wait diligently for them to Hatch, but they never hatch. Canada Gooseslings die inside the egg. What?! What?! What?! What?! I've never been so irate in my whole fuckin' life! You fuck with mother nature! You don't fuck with it, cocksucker. You don't fuck with motherhood! There's a special place in heaven for animal lovers, that's all I know. Those are fuckin' Canada Gooses. Those are Canada's fuckin' gooses. Canada Gooses are majestics. Barrelchested. The envys of all ornithologys. They are leaders. Born and bred leaders. Canada Gooses are vanfuckin'garde. Avantfuckin'garde. Guardians of the fuckin' galaxy! You wanna know what? You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me, and I suggest you let that one marinate. Now coach is an expert on Canada Gooses. Must be fuckin' nice! When I was comings up you'd be lucky to even have Canada Gooses. Now we got so manys you want to start killin' their babies. Must be fuckin' nice. You guys ever notice that as soon as there's a problem around here everybody starts killin' Canada Gooses? We oughtta leave this world behind. Canada Gooses mate for life. They're just like you and me. Those cocksuckers help each other fly when they're in the air. They look out for each other. Now you wanna kill them for takin' shits. You know, I saw two Canada Gooses mount a swan one time and you gotta think that swan told her friends about it. You're goddamn right she did. I think we all need to take a good look in the mirror and ask ourselves, where we would be without Canada Gooses. We cannot allows this to happen. We will not allow this to happen. I'm about ready to put some anthrax in the fuckin' mail here, that's all I know. ooh! Settle down, baby. Settle down. Hey! Let's hit the golf course! Hey. Hey, buddy. Oh, hey, buddy. You, uh, throwin' some weights around, eh? Beastin' it up. Nice. Muscle confusing. Progressive overloading. Gettin' yolked. Gettin' yolked. Nice. Could use a spot every now and then, though, you know. Could use a spot sometimes too. But I'm. I'm fine, though, man. Like, I'm good. Oh, yeah. No, I'm good, dude. Super good, man. Thanks for. Sweet. Who brought the rockets, boys? Whose billet brothers are fuckin' rockets, boys? I'll celebrate your biscuit all night, bud. Ever gone bar upski? Fag. How'd you know your dad's safe word when I fist his ass, bud? We got real dirty with his dangle, bud. I fucked your dad with chapped lips and a runny nose. Fucked your dad with bad bread and B. O. Olympic rules in this shootout boys. Order of shooters is me, me, me and then me, again. I'm fuckin' T. J Oshie. You've never seen a twoway centreman with jam like this, boys. Let's see some jam, boys. Let's see you jam it right up there. You need a pest on your roster? I'm a shit disturber. I'll disturb your shit all night. Wanna play some Chel? I should. I should really get back to Katy, buddy. Good call. Man, she makes me do stuff for her like all the time. I'll play Chel with you, buddy. Let's hit that A button. Ay, ay, ay, ay. If he gets tired I'll be right there to hit ay, ay, ay, ay, for him. I'll cover his point. any day. Must be nice. Thank you. I am very good. So, ladies and gentlemen of the Letterkenny Grey Granite Copper Crick Whistle Ridge Golf & Country Club, goose droppings will no longer be impeding our play on this lovely course. Thank you. Thank you. Now let's hit the links! Has someone around here got a problem with Canada Gooses takin' Canada deuces? Must be nice! When I was comings up we'd be luck to even have oils for our tractors. Now you got so much of it you want to pour it on eggs. Must be fuckin' nice! Whenever anybody's got a problem these days it's straight to dumpin' oil on it. We oughtta leave this world behind. Wanna know what? You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate. Leave the egg painting to the Easter Bunny, you pile of shit! Your wardrobe colour scheme looks like a bipolar spell! Get those cocksuckers off your feet! Pardon? The ankle socks, you fuckin' sally. How does your wife let you leave the house lookin' like that, huh? My wife died three years ago. Yeah, well, one look at you and it's clear she's in a better place now, you fuckin' asshole! Look! The oiling of goose eggs was approved by the board, all right? And a fine board it is. So your little breakingglass display is not going to work. That's why we have a new bylaw that prohibits glass bottles. So all of you are going to get fined. Fine my balls, you fuckin' dandy. Fine 'em and suck 'em while you're at it, you chooch! I will do neither of those things, good sir. There's a special place in heaven for animal lovers, that's what I always say. Yes. And those animals will now have a special place in heaven, as well. Along with my wife, Barbara. So, let's hit the links! Fuckin' embarrassing. I'm ready to drive my car into a crowd. Just calm down, baby. Let's get to work on getting the Canada Gooses off the golf course. We have some coyote decoys in the shed. Worked for that golf course off the Maitlands River. Uhhm, it'll work here too. Pitterpatter. We'll get to work on getting ankle socks off the golf course. Ain't that right, baby. Uhhm. Let's do this! 'Sup boys? Nothing. You? Nothin' I'm not doing a whole lot of anything these days. Oh. Oh. Be my altar boy, man. Be my altar man. The Lord worketh dayeth and nighteth in his battle to castaway heathenethses. That's a lot of work for the Lordeth alone. The Lord could useth some helpeth in his fight against the heathensetheseses. No! The Lordeth have all the help in the world. And all they want is your money anyway. Join us. Connect. Conjugate. Coalesce. I'm not really religious, boys. That'll do. Have nothing really against it, though. That'll do. Can't we all just hang out?. No! Coyotes. The most obnoxious predators of rural Canadas. The town'll still give you sixtyfive bucks a tail for pickin' 'em off. To kill coyotes is okay. Coyotes'll raid your hen house. Coyotes attack your livestock, too. You don't see no Canada Gooses steal with nobody, good or bad. No. You know what Canada Gooses do? Canada Gooses help the people who what's stolen from. That's what Canada Gooses do. Tell you what, if you're accusing Canada Gooses of stealing, you're accusing me of stealing and I suggest you let that one marinate. Let's get real here. Coyote decoys work on Canada Gooses, but there's not a coyote on planet Earth who wants nothin' to do with no Canada Gooses. Lions is lucky Canada Gooses don't migrate to Africa. Then they'd be's extinct. The only animal in the animal kingdom what wants anything to do with Canada Gooses is Canada Mooses. Well, Mike Tyson had a pretty good run of things. Do you wanna know why? No Canada Gooses in his weight class. Don't you remember when that plane had to land on the river in New York 'cause Canada Gooses flew into the engine? It's 'cause Canada Gooses likely had intel there was a pedophile or two on board and took matters into their own hands. As they should! No innocent people hurt either. You think that's a fluke? You tell me that's a fluke. Go ahead and try and tell me that's a fluke. You try to tell me that's a fluke right now. Okay, look! No Canada Gooses on the golf course means no eggs to be oiled. Animal cruelty avoided. Fuckin' eh. You know, when I was comin' up you'd be lucky to even have any animals. Now you got so many animals you wants to be cruel to them? Must be fuckin' nice! Any time anybody's got a problem these days it's straight to being cruel to animals. We gotta leave this world behind. Keep it movin'. I wanna get some sun today and there's still lots to do. For Canada Gooses?. Anything!. Quack! Who's that? Fuckin' embarrassing. You gonna replace that divot there, asshole? That cocksucker went farther than your ball did, you sally. Whoa! You got your pitchin' wedge in there? I got a pitch for you. Go fuck yourself. That's impressive. Heard you were sexually harassing all the beerkart girls. Well, we have a beerkart boy in this club so. Bingo!  Have some selfrespect you fuckin' sally. You're on Canada Gooses land. You better fix that divot 'cause Canada Gooses would fix it for you. There's a special place in heaven for friggin' animal lovers, that's what I always say. Umhmm. Watch yourself, baby.  You suck! Go fuck yourself, ya sally! Dookus. All right, Jonesy. Despite catastrophic contrariness in character and concerning contrast in conduct. Disturbing disparity in demeanour. Don't be redundant, Roald. Oh my God, I just woke up. Remind me. Do you enjoy gaming? Yeah. Dancing. Dancing. No. Hard drugs? That's a fight on sight, buddy. Qui! C'est parfait! Pardon? I think you mean pardone. Donc . Faque allonsy! Jonesy. Do you like bread? Yeah. Uhhmm. That's the body of Christ, buddy. Do you like wine? Sure. That's the blood of Christ. Do you like singing? Um. Doot do do do do. Do do. Oh, Lord, did you hear it? It's the voice of an angel. I think the choice is clear. Just do it! But. gaming! Gaming. I love Chel, boys. Chel it is. Chel it is. Chel? Uh, no! No! What about. cheese. Cheese? Yes. Cheese. Everyone knows cheese is the milk of Christ. You've hit the motherlode of cheesie yumminess when you pick Christ. It's a classic. Bread, wine, cheese. And also cured in salted dried meats. That's the flesh of Christ. Huh? See Corinthians! Bread, wine, cheese, meat! Christianity is a charcuterie board. Come have some charcuterie with Christ, Jonesy. You'll like it. It's yummy. Blasphemy! Sacrilege! What would you know? Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. Katy send you for some sour candies again? Yeah, buddy. Buddy, you should just buy a bunch of packs of sour candies. You put all the packs of sour candies in a jar at Katy's, then you won't have to keep coming into town to get sour candies. She'll have all the sour candies she wants right there. Did you know that you're the smartest person that I've ever met? Back off, Reilly. Jonesy's coming with me. No he is not! He's coming with us. I need a crew, buddy. Jonesy want some charcuterie of Christ? You must be hungry. You want a snacky? Christ gives you snackies. Jones. come here Jonesy. You want a little snackie, just. shhh Jonesy. Come here, Jonesy.  Yummy, yummy. Come here, Jonesy. Yummy, yummy, snack down. Yummy, yummy, snack down.  Who's the good Jonesy? Come here. come here Jonesy. Come. Come Yummy, yummy . Yummy yummy Oh who's the good Jonesy? Jonesy, chel, chel, chel. chel Jonesy, come here buddy. Come on. Chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel. Bujie, bujie, bujie, bujie. Chel. chel. Come here, Jonesy.  Fuck golf. Fuckin' embarrassing. Would you stop talkin' so I can enjoy this peaceful game? How fuckin' peaceful can it be hackin' it up all day, bud. You fuckin' suck. You're terrible. I'm not sure time heals that wound. Must be nice to have time to hack it up all day. Must be nice. When I was comin' up we'd be lucky to have any times to relax. Now you got enough time to relax and hacks it up. Must be fuckin' nice! Whenever anybody has a problem these days it's straight to hacking it up and make yourself look like a fuckin' fool on the links. Gotta leave this world behind. Look, the geese Gooses! .they're just pheasants with better marketing.  You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate.  You play the Beatles White Album backwards, you know what you hear? Canada Gooses. Same thing for Michael Jackson's Thriller.  And everything Shania Twain's ever recorded!  They buried a Canada Gooses feather at centre ice for Crosby's golden goal in 2010! When Columbus found North America and the Native Americans were in it, you know what helped them find the way? Canada Gooses. And what did you hear right before JFK's got assassinated there, Fuzzy Zellers? A Canada Goose trying to warns him. Did you ever notice how there's always Canada Gooses flying overhead when there's a fire? They're flapping water on it, but no one calls them heroes. They're not in it for the glory; they're in it for the people. For the relationships. I've noticed walking down the path of my life usually in the deepest and darkest and saddest times, there was always one set of footprints in the sand. And they're webbed. And if my wife were here instead of getting us a cocksucking gin and tonic she'd say there's a special place in heaven for animal lovers. Fuckin' embarrassing. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Come on. Come on! See anyone up town? Yeah, uh, Roald, Stewart, Glen, you know. Jonesy. I got a whole bag of sour candies for you so you can put 'em in a big jar and put 'em on the counter it's just. just for you, KatyKat. Oh, no I wanted the sour jellybeans. Okay, but I just drove all the way to town and. and back. So, uh Well, maybe Jonesy can pick them up. Or is Jonesy gone? Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. No! No? No. No. I'll. I'll. I'll go get. I'll go get them.  So, if I start taking shits on your golf course you can start killing my babies 'cause it's exact same thing with Canada Gooses. It's exact same thing. Aw, it's fuckin' embarrassing!  And how do you thinks Evil Knievel's made all them dare devil jumps there, shitty John Daleys, Canada Gooses. Letting them into their jet streams, that's how. That. that is not true. The same thing goes for Evil Knievel Junior and Travis Pastrana. They owe everything they have to Canada Gooses. It's not true!  And most people don't know this but Canada Gooses were the deciding factor in the 1995 Quebec referendum. They kept this country together.  You got a problem with animal lovers, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate. Fine! Fine! The Geese Gooses!  I will call off the oiling of the Goose eggs, all right, if you will leave this golf course, all right, and let the members of the Letterkenny Grey Granite Copper Creek Whistle Ridge Golf and goddam Country Club, play this game in peace! Do we have your word? You have my word! Then come look me in the eye and shake my fuckin' hand. Hop to it! Get movin', Tiger stripes Woods. Horizontal stripes are never flattering. Thank fuckin' Christ, am I happy to leave this fuckin' Goose factory. Holy shit do you hack it up. Unreal. Get some ankle socks, you dick head. Come on, come on, come on, replace those divots. Those Canada Gooses will do it for you. The fuckin' grass grows . Go for an Arnold Palmer. You know, it's hard not to have Canada Gooses backs when they're so close to us as humans. Male Canada Gooses help female Canada Gooses. They're fuckin' hammered, eh? It's pretty hard to believe that Canada Gooses are still labelled a pest species in most rural areas. Well, if the shoe fits, wear it. If the truth hurts, bare it, bud. I'll always root for the underdog. The Canada Gooselings are pretty cute when they hatch though, right? Well, no arguments there, good buddy. Fuckin' eh. Have you ever seen how Canada Gooses stray feathers floatin' on water? They're not even like other bird feathers that get all waterlogged and shit. No. They're aerodynamic. Aquadynamic. It's almost like ants could use their feathers as racing as kayaks or some shit. Ants racing on kayaks, baby. Of course they can't, ants can't race no kayaks, honey. But maybe they coulds.You finished up choring the other day. Fucking. Great day for hay. Wanna know the worst part about doing hay, is all the dust and debris what gets up your beak. Well, that's definitely the top three worst parts to doing hay, yeah. Fuck sakes, Dan, clean it up. That's what I was doing, Ms. Katys. Don't blow your nose on your sleeve. Well, how hard actually works if you never blown your nose on your shirt. Why are you taking your boots off, Dary? Is this the degen convention, or what's the scoop? Well how hard've you actually worked if you don't kick your boots off the second you're through? Keep those flippers away from me. What? Don't wanna my feet marinate in my sweaty boots. I suggest you don't let that one marinate. So you might get toenail fungus. on account of it's so moist in there. That'll be the last time I hear that word coming out of your mouth. What, fungus? No. Marinate? No. Oh. Moist. Don't tell that to the good folks of Moist Jaw, Saskatchewan. Or the good folks at Miramoisti where they love shucking moysters. Don't forget about Moistness Tennessees. The Moistissippi's a great river. You've ever been to MoistiGras? No, but I've been to the rocky Moistenrange in the United States of Amoistica. I will fight you. What have got against the Moistro Fresh Wes? Moist Def. Modest Moist. The Moisty Moisty Bosstones. Paul Moistcartney. That fucker wrote Yesterday , Katy. GucciMoist, Meek Moist, Moisty Cyrus. The MoistFits, DeadMoist. Moisttallica's, Moisters of Puppets. I'll fucking fight you. Get 'er a shot of fuckin' Jaggermoister. Or a Captain Moistgan's and Coke. We should get her a Moister Energy Drink , and then we should all go race Moistocross. Race some moister trucks. What's the problem? Oh, Jesus. Watch the smokes. There you go. Now you're moist. This display courtesy, of the Three Moist kateers. What are yous doing? What are yous doing? I asked you first. Not drinking at 00 a. m. How is that for an answer, you fucking degen? Bitch. That's Queen Bitch, Ugly. Who comes to the bar in their barn clothes, you fucking Ogre? Yeah, tell Shrek we said hello. And try not to fuck his donkey. Cannibal's a compliment for you. Keep walking, Critter. Tough talk. She can back it up too. Try it. You selling cigarettes to kids? Can I help you? I have a feeling you're the ones that are gonna need help. Move along, Skank. You're not from around here, are you? You're deaf? Take. A. Walk. You's are in deep shit. I'll give you a different kind of clap bomb, boys. Four pink pills and she's gone though, I promise. Let's set up in Gretz's office, boys. Work my quiet zone. You know what I'm saying? Remember the Louisville rubber shaft? Have a Daxiville rubber shaft. Let's have a Ronnybrooke. Short side, far side, blind side, gimme your best shot. Five holes are wide open, boys, take it. Take it! I can stick handle inside a phone booth, boys. Let's see your handles. Show me. I'm a late round performer, boys. Let's go seven. I have to say, boys, that is some of the finest chirping that I've ever received. Ever? And you're shrines too. your temples, my God. First team allstars. Take that to the temples, boys, two days written all over you. But people aren't supposed to enjoy being catcalled. Yeah, supposed to. not enjoy being catcalled. Yeah, hey, fuck buddy, if anybody knows how hot we are, you're looking at 'em. There's a lineup around the block for this bopbop shop. Yeah, and nobody's kicking this kid out of bed for eating crackers that's for sure. I've yet to see one customer not come back for seconds at that buffet. Yeah, I bet you thought everybody skips a continental breakfast. Guess what, they don't. Take this ride and you're getting right back in line, boys. Truth is, you're not really our type, boys. Bullfuckingshit. Think we don't see you rocking semis? We're gay guys at the gym, we're always rocking semis. It's true though. You're not our type. What is your type then, you fucking liar?. Otters. Like the Eerie Otters? Like the Cal State Monterey Bay Otters? No, otters are what we call skinny hairy dudes. Points for creativity, boys. Love the hustle, boys. so, what are we supposed to call you then? Our gay buddies from the gym, or. We took gay in the expansion draft from you about a hundred years back. Butch? Shout out to our sisters in the women's league. Fruit? Fruit had a cup of coffee in the show a few decades back, but never really produced for either of us. Bear? You guys released bear a while back for under performing and we got her at a friendly price. Been a real stud for us ever since. Cub? Cub's been consistent since he put her on line with Bear. Poofter? Still playing overseas. Likely gonna retire there. Nellie? Only your grandpa remembers that alumni. Homo? Homo maybe in your ring of honor, but never forget the body checks our goons threw down to end that career. Creed? Creed is the best Arena music of all time. But still, it's only for some. I'm not fucking saying it. Fag. Not sure that's PC, but you said it. Fag got cut in the '80s, and may have cleared waivers, but we all made a gentlemen's agreement not to sign it because of behavior detrimental to the league. Call me Dax. Call me Ron. Fuck, let's be buddies, Daxi. Let's be buds, Ronzy. Really? Yeah. Fuck, you guys slam crush butts. We slam crush box and the world keeps on turning, boys. Well, fuck. Come over here and lay some skin on me, Daxi. Lay some skin on me, Ronzy. Fist time. Look. Jonesy and I, usually just fist each other like. Just like that. Yeah, I know it's that. No, it's different, it's supposed to. It's like this. Oh, okay. I guess we better go talk to KatyKat, buddy. Time to break it to KittyKat, buddy, but wait. You seriously don't wanna bang us, you fucking liars? Come crash my crease, show stopper. Two minutes for rough and give me ten. I'll get rougher. Fuck the blue line. Nothin's offside over here. Try it. I'll bulge your twine. Just try and stop me. You're gonna love it. Sauce me a stretch pass, I'll sauce you a stretch ass. Let's bury a howitzer, boys. Send a howi, I'll get a stick on it. Let's go hip to hip. Their names are Shyla and Shania. The two newest strays on the Rez. They stole Axe and Slash from me. And I'm pretty sure they're banging them, 'cause they're fucking banging everyone. Skanks! They're selling cigarettes to kids. Yeah, well, kids are shit heads, like the resilient ones. They'd have found the darts one way or another, fuck. Excuse me, but I earned the right to sell smokes in Letterkenny, and I never sold to anyone under high school age. I fucking checked IDs. They called me a skank. Game on! I really miss Axe and Slash. I'm disappointed in them. They're like my buddies, you know. So I find them and beat the shit out of them? Well, I was starting to wonder when the next scrap was coming. Was starting to think it was never gonna come. And I'm not so sures it's beating the shits out of Axe and Slash is gonna makes them come backs to you, Tanis. No, no, they need their asses kicked. Fucking done. Every woman knows the way to a man's heart ain't through his zipper. Can confirm. It's through his stomach. Can confirm. And there is a big cookout on the Rez today, and I am the cookout Queen. Everyone comes my way. So if Axe and Slash don't come running, I'm a fucking chimp. What are you cooking? What are you cooking? Everything. Bison burgers, Walleye nuggets, trout fillets, Venison steaks, bannock, fried bread. and my famous Indian taco. You'll have to roll me out of there, Tanis. Yeah, they got forklifts on the Rez there Tanis? Then she's bought and paid for. We cruise on in there, eat like kings, beat the shit out of those dudes, snatch up Axe and Slash, and away we go. Don't say that word. What? Oh. Snatch. You're gonna bring up all those rich meats, and now you don't wanna talk about snatcherated fats? What you never had a Cabbage Snatch Kid growing up? What'd you never had a snatchandsniff sticker when you were a kid? Everyone loves snatchandwin bingo. Fuck off. How about that Robin Williams movie, Snatch Adams? That tugged at a few heartstrings. My favorite part of the Simpsons was the Itchy and Snatchy Show. What, you never see Snathural Born Killers? Margaret Snatcher was the Prime Minister of Great Britain. Wonder if she ever met Benedict Cumbersnatch. He's from over there too, right? Who wrote that song Snatch My Bitch Up? Definitely not Snatchbox 20. Or Snatching Pumpkins. What's the problem? Shyla and Shania have a bunch of guys with them so you might wanna call in a favor. I'll holler one instead. Hey! Remember when we backed yous up on the Rez? Yeah, that time we didn't have the Native Flu? Payback time. Good. Because we definitely didn't have the Native Flu. Snatchurally. Scooby snatch. What's the problem? To the Rez, pink dicks. The hour is upon us, Bible thumper. How'd you know, heathen? You don't even wear a watch. What happened to he who cast the first stone? A broken window likely. And hopefully no one seriously injured. Tell me, preacher, if your God found himself in a comparable turf war contingency, what would Jesus do? Jesus would advocate for empathy, acceptance and grace. Jesus might advise you to take a whack at his way of life. Very well. What? Fuck it. We will sample his style, for the day. Oh. Under the condition that you sample ours. I don't know, Stewart, I'm hesitant. What happened to, For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid? Second Timothy 7. Oh, you are proving yourself exalted, Roald. Alors? D'accord. Allonsy. But first, our wardrobes crave alteration. You're just gonna let this chicken sit uncovered, or. Put the grill up to 500. You wanna turn that down a bit, or. Montreal steak spice would help that Bison meat. So you gonna sprinkle some on there or. Sure you wanna put those fish and veggies on at the same time, or. Yous wanna stop questioning Auntie Tanis' cooking? Still you're gonna squirt a little marinate on there, or. Don't say that word. What, marinate? No. Oh. Squirt. What the fuck, Tanis, you love WuTang Clan. No love for Old Squirty Bastard. Squirt McGirt. Katy, you love Odd Future. You got no love for Earl Sweatsquirt? What about Rush drummer Neil Squirt? Or Squirton Cummings of The Guess Whos? Squirtis Mayfield. Squirt Cobain. Too far. Rosie loves reading Squirt Vonnegut literature. Didn't you ever watch that show when you were a kid, Squirt and Ernie? Katy was watching Squirty Dancing just yesterday. Okay, that's a lie. I was watching Squirty Dancing. It's a great movie. I think it's about time we revisit the Squirty Harry film series. Didn't Kathryn Bigelow direct that movie, The Squirt Locker? We squirtnear forgot about Jamie Lee Squrtis. Fuck! Squirtnear. I don't want the squirt the issue here boys, but I'm a real sucker for pencil squirts. Minisquirts, boys. Fuck, Tanis, you got a half a dozen squirt steaks on the grill right now. What's the problem? Really though, are you gonna squirt a little marinade on there, or. Fuck sake. Allow me to begin my three step tutorial on preachin'. So here's how you start. Step one, guilt blasting'. Take to the pulpit, present yourself to the congregation and you really just let 'em have it. Goes something like this. You're all guilty. You're all sinners. You're all guilty of sin. You're all guilty of not asking for forgiveness. Oh, I know, I know, I know. Here we go. We skip into doopadoopadoo, acting like he isn't even there, he doesn't even matter. Who cares about Jesus. 'Till somethin' goes wrong. Till you're served the lemons. And then suddenly it's, Oh, Jesus, help me. I need you now. I can't remember how to make lemonade. I need your help, Jesus. I've been bad and I'm scared and I'm afraid. Where's my Jesus? Help me Jesus. Kind of mean. Enticing. Step two? Step two. Guilt blastin' through prayer. Five star. So, this one, you wanna dig a little bit deeper, maybe crank everything up to a eleven. Something. Something a little like this. See if you can follow. Oh, Lord, it's us again. Stinky little sinners. Human sacks of garbage! Probably already half way to hell. You know the drill, Lord. When everything's going bad, we come running. When everything's good, poof! We act like your grace is our birthright. Which it is not! Oh, I'm sure you're tired. Lord, you must be exhausted! You already went ahead and died for our sins. Then you went and brought yourself back from the dead. I'm tired just thinking about it. So you rest for a bit, Lord. You rest. And we, we'll just keep doing what we do best. Paving our own roads to hell. You know the drill. Amen! Bewitching. Oh, what's step three? Step three, is the collection plate. Wondrous. Well, that's uh, pretty much all sure about preachin'. So, uh, what are your three steps?. Take this. Press play. And dance. Are you meaning to do the Bison medium well, or. Sure you want that raw chicken so close to the veggies, or. BOTH. Shut up!. hey! Don't talk to them like that. Or what? Or whatever the fuck I want! We hear you like to bark. But do you even bite? Maybe if you spent less time on your backs, yous would know. Or maybe if you spent less time selling cigarettes to kids, you'd know. Uh hmm. This ain't gonna last. Yous ain't foolin' anyone. Yes, it will. Yeah, it will. Start thinking with your big brain not your little brain. They don't need you, Tanis. Nobody does. We've got them now. There's a bit of char on your grill, you gonna scrape that off, or. You gonna bump that heat down or. What's that? Is that a little trouble in paradise? You never complained about Auntie Tanis's cooking. Just sayin'. Enough! You tarts can't handle a barbeque, let alone handle your scandal. I can see your clammy hands from here. Do not say that word. I hate that word. Which one?. Oh. Clammy! Let's just pump the brakes and quick fuckin' sec here your friends in clamellia. Let's get to the clammeat and potatoes of it. What'd, you never listen to Clammy Davis Junior? What's up? Clammy Hagar's the superior Val Halen vocalist. I don't care what anyone else says. Clammy Sosa use to hit them big dingers. What, you never listen to Clammy Wynette? What's the problem? Shut up! Nuff talkin'. Nuff chin waggin'. Which one of yous called my sister a skank? Oh, there's not much I can do about this one, kiddo. It's all right, boo. I got her. Fuck sake. When's the next scrap comin'? Starting to think it's never gonna fuckin' come, fuck. You gonna give those nuggets a flip soon, or. Want me to do it, or. For fuck sakes. Hi, Katy. Hi, KatyKat. Pete and repeat. Ola. So, uh, we were just, we were just wondering. Like we're partners. Kind of. Um, and we work well really together So like, we were wondering if. If I would date both of you again. Actually, yes. Yeah. The truth is, guys, I don't really want to date either of you. It's just not really the right time. BOTH. Oh. And now it's just you guys, so, think of all the snipes. BOTH. Hmm. Big city slams. Oooh. Wheel, snipe, celly boys. Dirty fuckin' dangles, boys! So. you still prefer pussy over a meal made by Auntie Tanis?. They don't need you, anymore. You know what I heard. You guys aren't the only ones in there. Better watch out for that yeast. Do not say that word. Which one, pussy? No. Oh. Yeast! What'd you never watch Beauty and the Yeast growing up? You outta your fuckin mind. What, you never stayed up for the Yeaster Bunny? Yeastern Promises, it's a great movie. Yeastbound and Down is a great shows. You look more suited to the Witches of Yeastwick. Or the Yeast Enders. Done it. Look, all we are saying is Give Yeast a Chance. Have you ever listened to the Yeasty Boys? Ain't you ever been to Yeast Side Marios? This isn't Yeast or Famine. And last but not yeast. Fuck off. I'm fatigued. Feeble. Flimsy. Same. Drained. Dilapidated. Doddering. I feel strangely fine. Bombers? Out of bombers. Rips? Oh, I think, Glen has the rips. Glen. Yes? Did any of those rips survive? Oh, sure. All of them. I didn't touch it. What? But how did you. The power of Christ compels me, Stewart. You're foolin' us. No. I tricked you. And trickery's not a sin. Also, I got you to give God a try for a day. Didn't kill you, did it? No. As it turns out, God is actually pretty metal. Well, of course he's metal. Ain't you never heard of P. O. D.? We concede, Glen. Oh. You have electrified us here today. Oh. We agree to cut the pie. Divvy it up? Yes. We can share the Dollar Store parking lot. Hurray! But you're gonna be on your way now. Woo! I'm. I'm done with this Indian Taco. I'd invite yous over but you're too busy fuckin' up, so. They don't need you anymore. Chicken's dry. What? Nothing. No. What did you say? Chicken's dry. I can hardly swallow it. You want it to be a bit moist. Argh. Don't say that word. What word? Oh. Moist. What? You've never watched Mickey and Minnie Moist growing up? You outta your fuckin' mind? Ronald Moist Donald. Seein' my buddy Ben on Moisture Chefs Canadas? No. But I'm all caught up on How to Moist a Murder. Fuck those Avery's really put their foots in it now, eh? My favorite show is America's Moist Wanted. You gotta respect athleticisms, Connor MoistGregor, Conner MoistDavid, Floyd MoistWeather. Boy, they're all at the top of their classes. They're all driving Moisteradis, that's all I know. May even a Rolls Moist. Or maybe a Moistcedes Benz. No Moistsubishis eclipses in this bunch. They're not using Capital One MoisterCards. Nope. They got Amex Black likely. Moist money, moist problems. You're bum scum, bud. Sled Ted? Rat Ass? Jivin' fuckin' Pete. They've assembled the Degen AllStars. Their organization is baffling. The fuck's your name anyway, bud? Alistair Orson Westwood Yates. Baffling. My name is. Shut the fuck up. Let's see you back it up now, bitch. Tanis! We're gonna get our asses kicked. Not our pig, not our farm, boys. Yous don't need me anymore, remember? I, uh, have kind of been wondering when the next scrap is coming. Oh, fuck. Wait for it. We're so sorry, Auntie. We wanna come back. We miss you, Tanis. You took care of us. We promise, we'll never get blinded by the pussy again. We'll swear off the pussy for two weeks. See what happened here today, ladies. The way to a man's heart ain' through his zipper. Tanis. Hmm? Let's have a scrap. About fuckin' time. I started to think it was never gonna come. Hmm, this is ever good there, Auntie. I know. Thanks, Tanis. Auntie Tanis always takes care of her cubs, wayhey! I was a bit worried when we were cooking the raw chicken so close to the veg, but. Axe! I fuckin' hate that word. What word? Oh. BOTH. Veg. Let me talk you of the vedge, big brother. I guess we're not gonna vedge allegiance to the flag then, eh? Have a dart? Have a Benson and Vedges. Oh, you don't like Peter Gabriel? That fucker wrote VedgeHammer. Stevie Nicks. Vedge of Seventeen. Stevie Nicks is a fuckin' vegendary. Aerosmith, Living on the Vedge. Heath Vedger. Vegendary. You didn't like Edie VedgeWick? That fucker married Kevin Bacon. No, no, no, no, no. That was Keira Vedgewick. Edie VedgeWick was Warhol's girl. Well, I happen to know for a fact that Dan has a full vedge boner for any Vedgewick. Avegedly. Vegitimately. Vedge of Tomorrow starring Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt. Amazing movie. Uhhuh. Well, I don't think you're going to get a word in here, vegdewish good buddy. Prepare the Vegiment. Take them veg or alive. Vegiment! Fire! You were trying to figure out WTF. with your BFFs the other day. You guys ever sexted? No All the times. Do you really? Daily. I'm a bit surprised at you, Squirrely Dan. It's all above water, I assure's you. I'm on a telephone application's called Bumble. It's kind of like Tinder except only the women's can initiate conversations. So, what, they just message you up on your telephone to sex talk? Sex text. Correct. Terrific. I think I've been sexting with a gal, but not too sure. Well, what did she sext ya? LOL. What did you sext her directly before that? Well, I asked her if she wanted to go on a date. That's not sexting. Sure's it is. No, it isn't. Dary asked a gal to go on the date and she texted back LOL's. Yes, so it appears as though that's what went down, Squirrely Dan. Well, that means, Lots of love. No it doesn't. Sure's it does. No it doesn't. LOL means, Laughing out loud. So? So one of two things, super chief. Number A, she thinks the very thought of going on a date with you is laughable. Or number B, the fact that you'd think she'd want to go on a date with you is laughable. Either way you're hooped. So? So she's laughing at you, bud. So it's.not sexting? Figure it out. Maybe she meant, Lots of load. You wanna know what? That's the problem with sexting and texting or technology in general. The world needs less Facebook and more facetoface. More than a bit fuckin' embarrassing, we're all sitting around here trying decipher what three letters might mean. I'm sensing a bit of hostility here, big shoots. Wanna know how my Uncle Ed met my Aunt Mary? Walked right up to her, like a sock hop. Told her he thought she was pretty. Uncle Eddie's was a legend. Aunt Marian, too. Then he asked her if she wanted to dance with him. Like, if she wanted to twist. I bet you he swingdanced her. Before he ballroomed 'er. And she walks over to her gal pals and they're all saying, How about the balls on this sailor. Walks right up to a pretty girl like you asking for a twist. Of course they're all green with envy because no one's asked them to twist. That sounds like Uncle Eddie's all right. Yeah, sounds like par for the course for Uncle Eddie. Don't you think it ends there. It doesn't. Guess who walks into the sock hop like he owns the place? Elvis Presley. King of rock 'n' roll. Walks right up to Aunt Mary and says he ain't nothin' but a hound dog. Oh. Tight spot for Uncle Eddie's. What did Uncle Eddie do? Uncle Eddie? Walks right over to the King of Rock 'n' Roll and puts him on his ass. Wow. Uncle Eddie. Next thing you know, in walks the Rat Pack with Chuck Berry and the Beach Boys who hadn't broken yet but were making a name for themselves as California street toughs. Guess what. all good buddies with Elvis. No. He's a goner. Gotta be. Think again. Uncle Eddie gets a tap on his shoulder, a voice says to him he says, Hey, kid. Need a hand? Guess who? You ever heard of Johnny Cash? Well, now you're spinning's a yarn. The Man In Black himself? You better believe it's the Man In Black. He's with his good pals John Wayne and James Brown who don't take shit off anybody. Everybody knows that. You gonna throw hands at James Brown, I'm sorry you're a goner. Everybody knows that. But they're still outnumbered. So guess who shimmies over in a real bad mood? Who? Little Richard. Gotta be. Hey, you better fuckin' believe it's Little Richard. He's with his good pal Bing Crosby. That's PreWhite Christmas when he was still on the bottle and a nasty drunk. So you know it's on now. Number one selling albums of alltimes, White Christmas. Uh, that's Pre White Christmas. Look out. So fuckin' Buddy Holly walks over and Bertuzzi's Uncle Eddie, right? Next thing you know, Ray Charles has got Buddy Holly in a rear naked. Buddy Holly's tappin', Ray Charles says, No way. It's not how this ends. Cash is over there armbarring Sinatra. Sammy Davis Jr. switched sides halfway through the fight, he's got Dean Martin in an Omoplata. Well, where's Uncle Eddie? Well, what's he gonna do? He's gotta do something. Uncle Eddie's freshly transitioned from a triangle choke in favor of a full mount. He's got Brian Wilson down ready to serve the final blow and someone catches his fist. Guess who? Johnny Cash. Says, Hey, kid. We got this from here. Go get your girl. Uncle Eddie gets up, John Wayne gives him a tap on the butt like they're old locker room pals. Well, what's Aunt Marion's doing? Did he go over to her? Tell you what. She went to him, okay. He scoops her up in his arms, fireman carries her out of there to applause from the sock hoppers who clear a path for them. Takes her for a fuckin' milkshake. Like a real man. Wow. Uncle Eddie. So next time you're thinking about texting a girl to ask her out on a date, I want you to stop and think. About what? About the glory you're leaving on the table. Hey, it's her. Well, what she says?. New phone. Who this? LOL. And that's why I never drink out of Gino Reda's mug again. These sheets are just jibber. Oh, hi. Welcome to Sports Centre. I'm Dan, he's Jay. Hello, Dan. A homegrown feelgood story to round out the program. Local hockey stars Hudson and James Bay return from a stint in Europe to Letterkenny, Ontario. to help their dad do hay. Now what's not to like about that? Oh, boy. Toolesy? Yeah. Letterkenny, Ontario. Problem, Toolesy? No. No problem. Letterkenny, Ontario. Home of local hockey stars Hudson and James Bay. Yeah. Yeah. You ever been to Letterkenny, Jay? I've not had the pleasure, no. As you're aware by now, I'm from Peterborough, Ontario. Yes, I'm aware. Okay. You're familiar with brawls in hockey. Yes, I'm familiar. Yeah, they happen all the time. How about brawls in curling? That's a new one! Okay, that's what happened when Letterkenny's curling team came to Peterborough. A curling brawl? Yeah. A brawl at a curling match. You ever heard of a cribbage brawl? More new territory. Yeah, that's what happened routinely when members of the Letterkenny Legion came and played cribbage tournaments against members of the Peterborough Legion. A cribbage brawl? Yeah. A brawl at a cribbage tournament. Toolesy. You think I'm making this crap up? So what are you sayin' here, Toolesy? Okay, just if I were Hudson and James Bay. Home to do hay. Yeah, yeah. I'd be staying in Europe. Are you ready for this old goat to make your day? Okay. Guess who's coming to visit us this weekend? No way. Way. No way. For hay? For hay. No way. All the way. Who did they say? Well, they didn't, did they? Well, not yet anyway. So go ahead and say. James and Hudson. Bay? Bay. James and Hudson Bay. No way. Way. Home to stay? Just for hay. You don't say. Well, you know, a little bit of work, little bit of play. Hooray. James and Hudson Bay. Hicks all the way. All the way. Oh, look. There's a stray. Those guys are LOL. Legends of Letterkenny. Good workers, too. Well, they're great workers. They put away bales with the best of them. Faster than a fox over a fence. James and Hudson Bay. You wanna know what? The brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud in our own special way. So, stick with tradition? Well, you don't fuck with tradition. Puppers and a pig roast for the brothers Bay. Puppers and a pig. All right well, I'm gonna go talk to Tanis about the pig. You get them cheapest on the Rez. Okay, Katy. Okay. Okay, Dary. Okay. Okay, Dan. Okay. Okay, stray.  But what are we gonna call the party this year? Hay Days. No. A Bay in the Life. We're gettin' warmer. Baywatch. Almost there. Wait! Great day for Bay. Yes. Yeah. Yup. Great Day for Bay. Will somebody help me get that fuckin' stray? Oh, shit, it's gettin' away. Come on, yous two, he just wants to play. Fuckin' beauties, boys. Beauties and beasts. The Brothers Bay. James and Hudson Bay. Hockey players all the way. Bayoootoful. Letterkenny Shamrocks alltime leaders in points, PIMS and plus/minus. Now they're playing in Europe. Imagine all the Amserdamsels in Europe. Be wheelin' abroad all right. International ass. Getting their ass ports stamped. Oh, they're part of the European Poonion now, buddy. Traveling through Titaly for sure. Seeing all kind of Vaticans. Nice mountains in Titzerland, too. Hammerin' all the Croatiass. Smashin' all that Romaniass. Slam crushin' all that Albaniass. Oh, welcome to Bulgearia. Yeah, the Brothers Bay, hockey players all the way. All the way. Droppin' mitts and suckin' tits. Titty validity. Titty stupidity. Home this weekend, buddy. Home this weekend, bro. Gotta do something epic. How are we going to top All Bay, All Night from last year? Fuck! That drew more box than an architect. They'll come up with something. Where there's a will there's a Bay. Europe! Europe! Bay Brothers. Egotistical egotesticles. Stewart! They're your family. Questionable. Undeniable. Unverifiable. Stewart, they're your cousins. There's pictures of you and the Bays together as kids all over your house. My mum's house. Well, you still live there. Roald. Stewart.it is verifiable. This is not a Bay Pride parade. Those Baystards never wanted to hang out with me anyway. I'm nauseated by their hokey hockey hickey shit. I do not want to spend more time down by the Bay. Where the watermelons. Grow up! Hi. What's your name? Zack. Zack. Russell Terrier. Zack Russell Terrier? Present. We're having a BayBQ this weekend, 'cause the Bay brothers Bay are coming home. James and Hudson. Do you know them? We're second cousins. Oh. Their uncle Cal married my Aunt Sue. Oh, which one's a Bay? Aunt Sue was a Bay before she was a Casa. So now she's Sue Casa? Married Calvin Garfield Casa. Goes by Cal Gary. You might know their kids, Sam and Ella. Salmonella? Yeah, Sam and Ella have a halfbrother Ty, as well. Ty Casa. I said halfbrother. His last name's Food. Ty Food? Present. Jesus. What's your name? Katy. Katy what? Wait.you know my half brother, Ash, right? Ash who? Wednesday. Ash Wednesday? MmHmm, that's him. Hangs out with the Books. The Books? Art and Mac. Art Book and Mac Book? Yeah. Know them? Are you fucking with me? No! Zack Russell Terrier and Ty Food ain't fuckin' with you. What's with the pig? The brothers Bay are coming home this weekend, so Saturday we're going to Bay Bash. Big BayBQ. Oh, yeah? What's it called? Great Day for Bay. Nice. Points for Bay Bash as well. It's too bad, though. What's too bad? Well, the Bay Brothers are coming to the Rez on Saturday for a party. They're part native all the way. But, Great Day for Bay. Yeah but, we already got $1,000 on fireworks. Thunder Bay. Saturday. Hmm? Hey, Zack Russell Terrier and Ty Food are going to come. Maybe you'll come, too. Hey. That's barley. Okay. How are you now? You should stand down on Great Day for Bay. What? The Bay Brothers are coming to the Rez for Thunder Bay. They're part native all the way. They're full hick all the way. Plus we already purchased the pig from your people. Yeah, but do you's even know how to cook it? Throw it on a spit and rotate. Don't threaten me with a good time. Okay. What about when you insert the thermometer to check the temperature inside? What about it? I don't know. You tell me. Here's the scoop. We've already planned the party. Yeah, but we've already spent $1,000 on fireworks. I don't want to see that go up in smoke. Up?  What? Nothing. Go ahead. Keeping in mind that you once burnt down the produce stand, a lot has happened since then. The Brothers Bay home for hay is the perfect opportunity for all of us to come together and show them we're proud. So, we would like to invite you and your friends here for Great Day for Bay. Or you can move your party to the Rez for Thunder Bay. 'Cause the Bay Brothers are part native.all the way. They're full hick. All the way. So. You trying to sneak a sunrise past a rooster, Tanis? I don't know. You're the one whose stuck between a cock and hard place. You a breast or thigh guy? They're full hick. Correct. And only part native. Splittin' hairs, but yeah. So we host. Fair. But the name. Great Day for. Uh. What? What? Nothing. You go. How's this? Great Day for Thunder Bay. Great Day for Thunder Bay! Puppers, pigs and pyrotechnics. Puppers, pigs, pyrotechnics and pepperettes. Perfect. See you there, Wayne or shine. Good enough. There'll be fireworks, just like old times. It's been a business doing pleasure with you, Tanis. So, what about that elusive girl of yours? She gonna show her face for once? None of your beeswax. People are talkin' you know. None of their beeswax. Doesn't bother you? Mind your beeswax, Tanis. Hmm . Later, boo. We tried to come up with our own party for the Bay Brothers, but. You's are welcome to come to our party. Wanna know what? The Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud. Yeah. We know. It was just. Just that everyone keeps coming up with cool names for their Bay parties and all we could come up with was Bay There Delilah. Bay Jude was a runner up. And honorable mention, Independence Bay. Yeah, Bay the Earth Stood Still was also a contender. Shout out to Glory Bays. But, credit where credit's due. Great Day for Bay cannot be beaten. So, we'd love to come to your BayBQ. We just told you that you're invited. Fuck, we just fuckin' said! You know what, the Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud. Nice. We're invited. Sick, boys. Sick. How can we help? Well, I haven't heard form the Brothers Bay all day so safe to say they're behind on hay. You should head on over. Lend us a hand. Done. Just like liftin' hockey bags, right boys? On par. Lift with your legs not your back, right boys? Why don't you try both and see which one works out betters for ya? You'll wanna throw on some pants or else you carve your legs all up. Bring some fuckin' Puppers too. Pitter patter. Not gonna do the pants, man. Yeah. Go get beer though. Yes, Stewart you can come to Great Day for Bay. Bayarf. Pardon? Great day for barf. So I take it you won't be coming here then. Oh, we'll be there. To laugh at what losers they are. Bring some fuckin' Puppers. Yeah. Okay, cool. Bye. They never wanted to hang out with me anyway. Time to make those idiots Bay. What does that mean? The expression is, make them pay. I replaced their last name to be clever. Oh. Oh yeah, I know. That's super.super clever. You try! Okay. Uh, go ahead, make my Bay! Satisfactory. What's up? How're you now? Smokin' darts and breakin' hearts. You bring the fireworks? That was the deal wasn't it? Can confirm. She here? Have a fuckin' Puppers. Hey. You wanna see the pig? Solid opening. I checked and it's my cousin Ed who knows you. Oh, Ed who? Ed Monton. Yeah. Yeah. He's friends with my buddy Mike. Which Mike? Check. For sure. Ed Monton was Mike Check's best man at his wedding. Told you they weren't fuckin' with you. Fuckin' babes, eh? Great Day for Thunder Bay, eh boys? Judging by your arms, doesn't like it was that good of a day. Super great day for Thunder Bay, boys. Got an inside look at hick life. Feels pretty good to do some hard labor. Beats the fuckin' gym. Yeah, gym fuckin' sucks, boys. Well, next time you'll know to wear long sleeves and pants. Where's the Bays? Well, according to their parents. George Ian? Fanny's? George Ian Bay and Fanny Bay said Hudson and James Bay went into town for a meeting. A meeting? Well, according to George Ian Bay. Fanny Bay said she couldn't get a hold of James or Hudson Bay all afternoon. You know what, buddy? I haven't been able to get a hold of Big City Slams all afternoon either, buddy. Hey, you boys seen those two gym babes? You know, the two babes from the gym. Are they here? Don't think so boys. Couldn't get a hold of those babes all afternoon. It's them. It's them. Well, Great Day for Thunder Bay, fellows. Welcome home. Thanks Wayne. Welcome home. Thanks Wayne. Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for us to show you guys how proud we are of you. Thanks Katy. You guys made it all the way to Europe. Welcome home, Hudson. Got to tell us all about Europe. Welcome home, James. Got to tell us all about Europe. We will. We will. In keeping with tradition as promised, Puppers and pig. And pyrotechnics this year, too. Welcome home, pussies. Thanks, Tanis. Thanks, Tanis. But say, what were you guys doin' all day?. We had a meeting. Meeting? Let's call a bay of pigs. There's that gym babe. There's that other gym babe. More like Guantanamo Bay. 'Cause I didn't know whether we were gonna get out alive. Hey, it's Big City Slams. Felt like I was on Bays of Our Lives 'cause there were so many storylines going on all at once. Big City Slams 2, boys. I don't even know what Bay it is. Angie. Never thought I'd be into Bay sex. Thanks for the Bay City Roll, boys. I'll be your Bayonce any day. Well. LOL. Is Stewart here? Hudson? Stewart. James. Stewart. Can we finally hang out? Hang out? Let's have a fuckin' Puppers. I'd love a fucking Puppers. I just always figured you didn't want to. You know, the whole hicks versus skids thing. They're hockey players all the way, boys. Part native all the way, too, boys We're family. All the way. You guys do rips?. Hard no. But do you rip Chel? 'Cause we will rip Chel. Oh, Stewart. Goddamn right I rip Chel. You guys got rips? We got rips. They'll do rips. No rips. But we'll rip Chel, boys. Are you boys talking about what I think you're talking about? What if we are? I'm calling the cops. No. Just kidding. Do some rips. We're gonna need more rips. I got rips. Then it's on. Chel. You god damn right, it's on. Chel. In rips. Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Hats off to Tanis, boys. She's certainly a great day for Thunder Bay. Tanis has out done's herself.You got invited to a party the other day. The McMurrays have invited us over for a BBQ this afternoon. That'll be a soft pass for me. Just a soft pass? A super.soft pass. Well, why is that? You got something else on the go, big shooter? Well, ah, you know, it's just Saturday. Rosie scooch on over. Watch a little TV. Bob's your uncle. Do I have to remind you that you are in a longterm relationship. And.? And as such you are obliged to partakes in some socials stimulations from times to time, lest the young lady becomes rastless. Rastless? Rastless. Well, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, bud. Sure. But you can't just watch TV and have sex every night, Wayne. Sometimes Netflix and chill just ain't enough. A young lady deserves more than just Amazon Primes and sexy times. YouTube and lube isn't gonna cut it. You can't just stream it and cream it, bud. There's more to life than a little Hulu and youscrew, big brother. Gotta step out of your comfort zone. There's not a goddamn thing wrong with a little Playstation Vue and I service you. Not a goddamn thing. A little Project Free TV and you service me. A little Pirate Bay with some sexual spray. A couple of torrent sites minus the bed lights. What about a little satellite and an overnight? A little satellite and tickle fight. Invite a friend over for Direct TV and a menage a three. Yeah, there's more to life than a li'l HBO and a go, big brother. You gotta step out of your comfort zone. Wanna know what? I don't know who called it the comfort zone, but I'm pretty sure they called it that 'cause everything inside that zone's good and comfy. So once you get outside of that zone, fuck. Well, that's when things can get a bit dicey. Oh! Ooh. Welcome to Chez McMurray. MR. Oh, ho. Or, Fort McMurray. Here you go, babe. Whatever you're into that's what I always say. McMurray!. Wayne, how're you now?. How'r you. Oh good. Not s'bad. I'm not s'. I'm good. Just go! Where. where is your better half, Wayne? Reading a book. All right. Well, everybody make yourself at home. We got cold beer and frozen marg mix. Oh, yeah. You got blueberry, avocado passion fruit margs? We got agave prickly pear marg mix. Mhh hmm. Colada mix, too. You got kiwi fruit cucumber jalapeno pina colada? We got charred orange ruby red grapefruit pomegranate pina coladas. Even got daiquiri mix, too. Oh, you got whole citrus hungry gal magic low cal daiquiris? We got smoky watermelon michelada aqua velva aqua fresca super, super duper, super sipper Daiquiris. Good enough. Whatever you're into is what I always say. That's right. Plus, we got a shit ton of super fun shit planned for today. Oh, boy. All kinds. Just went down and got myself a brand spankin' new karaoke machine down at the swap meet. Oh, boy. It's only got the Chinese songs, but it works just fine. All right, lemme run down the house rules. Rule number. You must have fun. That's it. That's the only fuckin' rule. That's easy to remembers then. I hope everybody remembered to bring their swim trunks. Come on down, folks. Don't be shy. The jets are powerful and the water is warm. Plenty room for everybody. Amen. Oops. Oh, no. I went ahead and dropped an olive. Oh! Oh, ooh. There it is. Oh. I feel it. Sure do. Thank you, Gail. I forgot my swim trunks, so. You forgot to bring a set? Didn't bring a set. You didn't bring a set? Didn't bring a set. You didn't bring a set? I didn't brings no sets. You, even you didn't bring a set? I didn't bring a set. Don't worry. We got a whole bunch of extra swim trunks in the closet. So no fuckin' excuses, okay? I'd hammer a cock suckin' gin and tonic, that's all I know. Who wants to jump in the tub, or. can I offer somebody some fruit? Or maybe an oyster? Where is Wayne? Out having a dart, likely. Hm. Thought Wayne would love a good tub? Who wouldn't love a good tub? Well, he does. He just says that if you spend too much time in the water, you end up looking like a golden raisin. I think I just brushed up against a couple of golden raisins. Gail, oh, my. Scandal. Hmmm. Would anyone care to play a game? Has anybody ever played Never have I ever? Nevers. Never? Never ever. Not even once. It is a dandy little drinking game we picked up down 'Minican. We go down 'Minican twice a year, that's all I know. Still don't get down 'Minican enough, baby, that's true. Was down 'Pulco pertnear every winter 'til fellas started gettin' hanging from bridges with their dinks cut off. Crying shame because Sinatra used to have a place down 'Pulco. You know, JFK and Jackie O had their goddamn honeymoon down 'Pulco. But we picked up Never Have I Ever down in 'Minican. K. So, how it works is this. You say, Never have I ever done such and such a titillating and or embarrassing act and if you've done it, you drink it. Get it? Got it. I'll start. Fire away, baby. And make it randy. Oh, yeah. Uh, let's see, never have I ever made whoopee with more than one person at a time. We're going from zero to sixty I take it. Uh hm. Oh. Your turn, baby. All right. Never have I ever felt strong sexual urges towards another spouse, significant other or sibling. That's very specific. Hey, Wayne, how's your beer?. I'd have a beer. Katy, don't. Can you can bring me over one of them cocksuckers, that's what I always say. Buddy, I think we plateaued. What are you talking about, buddy? Like I'm not seein' any gains, bro. I've been free posing in front of the mirror at home. Maybe it's time we did a full circuit together, ferda. Ferda. Pose def. I think you're right, buddy. Yeah, I haven't seen any gains all year, bro. We gotta make some serious gains for next season, ferda. Capital gains, buddy. Coach has already texted sayin' how are the gains going, boys. Saying what? Saying, how are the gains going, boys. Can't let coach down, buddy. Not an option, bro. He'll send something flying. Scares the shit out of me, sometimes. Our gains have to eclipse general team gains, buddy. You wanna be the guy to walk into the room and none of the boys see gains? If gains fall in the forest and no one's around to see it, nobody really sees any gains. If you don't see gains, what do you see?. Excuses. We can't be those guys, buddy. No excuses, buddy. Clock's ticking, bro. Not a lot of time for gains, bro. Charlotte Gains, bro. No. We need a surge of gains, bro. Canseco, buddy. Sammy Sosa, buddy. At what cost, Buddy? What's the cost of juice, buddy? Maybe rip a quick half cycle. Maybe we just dig deep. Bare down. Or. Roger Clemens, buddy. Hey! What? AllStar pitcher, buddy. Tarnished reputation, buddy. Hey! What? Starting pitcher for the Toronto Blue Jays, buddy. Just a half cycle? Just a quick half cycle. Push through the plateau, kick start the muscle fibers, go cold turkey before the season starts, buddy. Cold turkey? Cold turkey. Au naturale. Au naturale. Naturale. Au naturale. Ferda. Ferda. Yeah, but wait! Where do we get the juice from, ferda? Oh, I think I know just the place, buddy. Tanis? How'r. .now? So where's this party at? Basement. Don't see your swim trunks. Didn't bring a set? No, I didn't bring a set. Well, inside they'll likely have a set. Didn't know I'd need that set. They'll get you a set. You know what the McMurrays are up to, right? I have an inkling. And you don't mind leaving your girl down there with them? She didn't make the trek. Reading? Can't confirm. Doesn't that make you think she up to something? Makes me think it's a pretty good book. Must be like. Carrie? Well, when the cat's away the mice will play. Hmm? The rats too, apparently. You're dirty, huh. All right, I'm gonna go home. I just came here for you, boo. You know we have a really big library on the Rez too, if you're into nerdy girls, I can show you my spine label, you can show me your hard cover. On a. How's your beer, big brother? I'd have a beer. So, tell me, how do you boys feel about havin' adventures? Well, I'm not against havin' adventures. Then how do you feel about trying new things? Well, like I always say, varieties is the spices of life. Mrs. McMurray and I couldn't agree more. That's all I know. In fact, the more you get to know us both, the more you realize that we're very broadminded. That's what I always say. Well, the other day, I tried cinnamon chewing gum for the first time. Huh. Well, it was a little bit spicy for my taste, I can't say that I didn't like it. Gotta love those spicy little cocksuckers, uh? Okay. Katy, how's your beer?. I'd love a beer. Oh, huh. Ah, I lost another one. Whoopsie daisy. Slippery little buggers. Oh! She's in the neighborhood. Maybe it's time to get going. Agreed. How do we do that? Guess what? DARYL AND. What? This may very well call for the Irish Goodbye. What's the Irish Goodbye? Well, that's when you leave without saying bye to anyone. Also known as the French Exit or Houdini. Thought the French Exit was when you climax on a gal, and you leave without cleaning it up. It's almost not worth thinking about, Dary. Technically, a French Exit is when you leave without paying the bill. But in this case, that is not applicable. Guess what?. What? This may very well call for the Turkish Takeoff. What's a Turkish Takeoff? That's when you pull a fire alarm and leave with a stranger. Guess what?. What? This very well may call for the old Tokyo Sayonara. What's Tokyo Sayonara? Well, that's when you leave and only say goodbye to the cat. Maybe this calls for. No!. What? Maybe this calls for the Letterkenny Leave. No! Letterkenny Leave? That's when you steal a twofour and walk through a sliding glass door. Well, desperate times. Desperate measures. I don't think we're there just yet. But, why not, let's continue to monitor the situation. Time for more mix. I'll get the colada mix, baby. Dart? I'd have a dart. Squirrely Dan. Waynes. Has it occurred to you that those two may be members of. Of the Lifestyle? Like the agricultural management lifestyle? Sure they are. No, Dan. The Lifestyle. Like the livestocks management lifestyle. Of course they are. No, Daniel. The Lifestyle. Oh, dairy farming lifestyle. You guys know they are. Squirrely Dan! Uhhmm? Uh, the Lifestyle? No, I'm not too sure what you're driving at here, big shooter. All righty. Who wants to play Pass the Banana? Well, well, well, my chemical bromance. Bro Thornton and Bro Jonas. We're in the market for some banned substances, buddy. Oh, and you've come to us. How flattering. We've got substances. And guess what? Newsflash, Bill the thrill O'Reilly. they're all banned. So what will it be, Geoff and Rus Courtnall. You know what a nose beer is? Booger sugar. .tini. The cola. No. No. Then what will it be, Wayne and Keith Primeau? You into sextaxcy? Rollsy pollsy's? The beans? The disco biscuits?. No. Do not tell me you've come here looking for pot. No, no, we're looking for some, uh. Juice. Huh? Sauce. Huh? Gear. Steroids. Ah! Abombs. Antihero. Gym candy. Why didn't you say so?. What the fuck? Jesus. Edibles. You're welcome. So, you wish to improve upon that form God gave you. Just a halfcycle, buddy. Ah, sweet hubris. Oh, what's that? Excessive pride, or self confidence. Arrogance. Pomposity. Egotism. One does not simply hop on or of the Anabolia Express. No. You ride that juice train all the way to the end of the line. Choochoo. No, we're just trying to push through a plateau, so. Need more Charlotte Gains, bro. Just a quick Serge of Gains, bro. Before the season starts, going cold turkey. Yeah, au naturale. Yeah. Famous last words, gentlemen Have you discussed side effects? What side effects? Oh, just a little dilemma known as severe back acne. Bacne? It's fine. And a little complication, acute testicular shrinkage. Testicle shrinkage? Nobody's testicles are going to shrinkage, buddy. Of course that can of worms known as 'roid rage. That actually happens, buddy. Almost to everyone, buddy. Pay the man. I mean, maybe we should just, you know. Dig deep, you know. Bare down. I mean, side effects, buddy. But you guys should be good. Yeah, we should be good. Should be good. Yeah? We should be good? I wouldn't worry. No. No, it should be good. For sure? If you want my honest opinion, you should be good. 'Cause if like you say we're good. You're good. Yeah? You should be good. Wheel, snipe, celly boys. Yeah, dirty fuckin' dangles, boys. Pay the man. Did I ever tell you about my friend, JuanJorge? No, I don't believes you haves. Well, JuanJorge is one of our closest and dearest friends. We met him and his wife down 'Minican. Mmhm. JuanJorge is a birdwatcher. Or a birder as they prefer to be called, these days. Hmm. Anyway, one day in a hot tub, not unlike this one, JuanJorge told first me about the common cuckoo bird. The cuckoo bird has a peculiar habit of laying its eggs in another bird's nest. Well, that is a peculiars habits. And it is from this peculiar habit, that we get the English term cuckold. Huh. Are you familiar with that term, Squirrely Dan? I believes I have heards in passings, yes. JuanJorge believes cuckoldry to be the purest and highest form of sexual arousal. This JuanJorge sounds like a real interestings fellas. Uhhmm. You better believe it, that's all I've got to say. Oh, you better believe it. In fact, according to JuanJorge only the sweet, sweet agony and pure psychological torment of watching a physically superior man pleasure his beloved wife is enough to truly excite him. Just look at this big ol' paw of yours, huh? Look at that cocksucker, baby. See, now most people think just about one fella sleeping with another's wife, but no, JuanJorge believes and explains in such an arrangement, that the real and true connection is in fact, between the bull. And the cuckoo bird, so to speak. Huh. Daryl, how's your beer?. Yeah, I could have a beer. Maybe it's time we pulls a Brexit. WAYNE, KATY AND. Shh. Guess what?. What? It very well maybe time to pull the Singapore Scram. What's a Singapore Scram? It's when you grab onto a rope wire and have a helicopter fly you out of there. Nobody's flying away anywhere, that's all I know. Hell, no. It's karaoke time. Over and out. What's on the menu this evening, my dear? I need my rits. Hmm. Burning the candle at both ends, are we? Finals are coming. I need my rits to study. Well, don't move. Darien. The Ritalin. Good luck on your exams. These aren't my rits. Come again? Anabolic steroids. Those are 'roids not 'rits. But that means. I need my rits. That means you sold the gym rats rits, not 'roids, you rapscallion. I need my rits not 'roids. Those were meant to be rits not 'roids. Yet, here we are, 'roids not rits. Uh hm. Rittidiculous. Oh, 'roidally. Rits! Locked and loaded, bro. Bring on the gains, boys. Capital gains, boys. Charlotte Gains, bro. A quick Serge of Gains, bro. Focus is? Traps and tri's buddy. Traps and tri's, bro. We should be ripping sand bell slammers. We should be ripping kettleball sumo deadlifts. We should be ripping standing Vbar pushdowns. We should be ripping cable hammer curls with rope attachment. We should be ripping close grip EZ bar curls with band. We should be ripping standing dumbbell reverse spider curls. We should be ripping two arm barbell wide grip preachers curls. Like Arnold, buddy. Uhhmmm. I don't know what's going on but I don't feel like ripping VBar tricep pushdowns. Maybe it's the half cycle, buddy. I know what you mean, buddy. Maybe we should rip a full cycle, buddy. Full cycle, buddy. Ferds. Uh, great. One more rip and then we rip super sets of standing sand bell tricep extendies. One more rip and we rip standing bicep stretchies. We should b ripping one arm cable curlies. We should be ripping advanced alternate air bike ab rollies. We should be ripping rollout incline heel touchies. We should be ripping bent press barbell side bendies. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. Judo flippies Russian cable twisties, ferda! Ferda. So if we rip ten super sets at a rate of ten or every fifteen minutes, that's. How many reps per super set, buddy? Twenty reps per super set. Make that 30. Done, buddy. Now double it. If we rip 60 reps per super set at a rate of 10 every 15 minutes, that means we'll need to rip sixteen and a half more halfcycles before the next season starts. Can't let coach down, buddy. Not an option, buddy. It's beautiful. We're gonna need a bigger blackboard. What's this, boys? Nothing, Snipes. Nothing, Snipes. Does Ritalin help get gains? Should we try it? Rits not 'roids, then? Those are rits. Not 'roids?. Rits not 'roids, boys. Maybe we should dig deep? Bare down. Natural gains, bro? A Serge of Natural Gains, bro. Au naturale. Au naturale. She's got the voice of an angel, doesn't she? Oh, it's catchy. Oof! Bravo! Bravo and brava. And then there were four. Oh, yeah. I have a few ground rules I'd like to cover. Pertaining to. Shoot. No open mouth kissing on the mouth. Pardon? Observed. Figging and cupping and light electroplay are all on the table. But I do have soft limits on K9 role play and mummification. Excuse me? Observed. No tushy play unless I ask for it and I will ask for it. What? Observed. Once we get started, it is recommended that you do not look me directly in the eye. Safe word. Huh? Close, Glen, but my safe word is uhunn. Once again? Uhunnn! Oh! Oh, my, you all are polyamorous. Bingo! Despite being in wedlock. Bullseye. Oh, that's a sin. I'm going to have to skedaddle. Tokyo Sayonara for me. Where's that kitty? Squirrely Dan. Uhhuh? So now do you see what we mean by the Lifestyle? Yup. Who'd have thought the McMurrays would've been the swinging type. I could have told you that before we got over there, bud. Nobody wouldsa thunk it. Pertnear, everyone in town thunk it. Why do you think Rosie stayed home to read? It must be a pretty good book. It must be like. The Boy at The Leafs Camp. They seem so normal. Do they? They walks among us. Undetecteds. Well, I say, live and let live. Oh, me too. Yeah. To each his and hers own. Am I right? Sure. But you wanna know what? It sure is nice to be back in the comfort zone. Hi, Rosie. . a little Crave and misbehave? Hard yes.Your gal has a cousin who's spun and she is no longer your hun. 'Cause you had to pop'em and boy did you drop 'em. Yeah, you did what had to be done. Came to you after having a bar fight. Felt like you got hit by a car, right? But your pal had your back, went on the attack, but it turned off his gal like a night light. That Godfearing sackofshit, Bradley, came in and he fucked up so badly, that your brother stepped in, which his gal calls a sin, but, I'd do the same fucking gladly. Well, you're not really sure as what went down. But you hears you look like a real clown. Your pal had a scrap like a real proper snap. And since he's been wearing a frown. Katie chose me over Jonesy, I don't like that he's all alonesy. But I'm getting laid, I don't hate that trade, I just wish that she had a clonesy. Katy cat dumped me for Reilly. It sucks, may put it dryly. He's getting laid, and I can live with that trade. It's just kinda tough to be smiley. Been hoovering bombers and rips, eating zoomers and taking mad dips. There's no end in sight, but I am on an apt flight, so fuck off with all your guilttrips! The Church said, No more to my teachings. Been filling the void with street preachings. I'm out in the rain, and I haven't seen Wayne. Us together is not too farreaching. Wayne knocked out Bradley, and I'll say, through that bullshit, Rosie won't stay. It sucks for me cause there's no guarantee I'll see either of them on my birthday. It's been two months since Rosie went packing. And sure, your love life has been lacking. But a friend backs a friend, and on that, you don't bend. She's onwards and upwards. Get cracking. Gail's birthday party tonight at MoDeans two. MoDeans two. MoDeans two. You want MoDeans two around over there, Wayne? MoDeans two must choring to do. How about a little bit of MoDeans togetherness? Now no needs to fight MoDeans tooth and nails over. Good thing I'm getting good at MoDeans tootin' out the negativity. Oh, quit MoDeans tooting your own horn there, Wayne. Why don't you quit being such a MoDeans tool over there, Daryl? All right, let's put this fight to the MoDeans tomb. Good. There's always MoDeans tomorrow. Well, MoDeans to be fair.  To be fairs, now it seems like you're doing all this work to distract yourself from feelings you don't wants to be dealing with. Get real. It's a lot of work, Wayne. Well, do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life. Stormy comes out of the barns yet? Hey, boys. Did you miss me? Anyone ever tell you what an asshole you look like? You're a complete fucking flop, bud. Pull your finger out of your ass, you fucking pipe fitter. I'd rather be watching a hobo jerk off. I think we'd be lucky a hobo jerk off right now. I'd rather watch a paper cut in slowmo. I'd rather be watching a tenman lemon party on an IMAX movie screen. Don't let grammy google that one. You know what, you'd be my grammy's soulmate, cupcake. You're bumfluff, buds. Sing a song or something. Do a trick. You're useless. What's your laundryfolding channel, hun? I bet you know exactly how many days it is until Christmas, don't you, bud? Wait! What? Go fuck yourself, you silly fucking buttcrusty. You're a Danish in a donut shop. You're a cup of baby carrots, you fucking asshole. Where's your kittypetting partner there, pussy? I don't even know what your name is, bud. My friend's name is Jonesy and my. Reilly, get in the house. Well. back to choring. Yeah, I do kind of wonder what that other nutsack's been up to. Who brought the rocket, boys? Those billet brother's a fucking rocket boys. Wanna watch me shoot for my point, bud? I got a stick he can handle. No penalty for hair pulling in this game. I'd check you from behind. Let's play dirty snipe. Let's muck it up. Different kind of headshots over here, bud. Don't need a Conky to enter my dark room, rocket. We love stick swinging, boys. How about a quick poke check? I love a good spear in the slot room. You like a long twig or a short twig? I'll show you an illegal curve. Lay some skin, Mark. Coming right up, Dax. I miss my buddy. I'll be your buddy. I'll be your buddy. What are we even doing here? How are you now?  Good. And you? Then tell it to your face. Okay. Sure is nice to have a break from choring. Thanks for the help. If it's good for the goose, it's good for the gander. Well, more hands make less work. Yeah, but, it's a lot of work, Wayne. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. So, Stormy wouldn't come out of the barn this morning to eat her breakfast. Wouldn't even touch it till I moved inside. You should try to mix some Vitamin D in there too, because likely she hasn't been getting enough from the sunlight. Naturally, and what not. Well, like that's what I think a vet would say. Yeah, I really do feel like the vet might say that. You know the only other dog Stormy's ever taken to is Rosie's stud Seado. Now, he is such a good boy. Oh, he's a good boy. Who's a good boy? Yes, he is such a boy. Well, then do it for Stormy. She's such a good girl. Oh, what a good girl. Who's a good girl? Yeah, she is such a little girlie. Plus, Stormy and Seado did have the most beautiful litter we've ever had. Who's a good little puppy? Who's a little puppy? So little. Where's her belly? That little puppy. Now who wants a little itchings and a scratchings? You're just a little puppy with your little belly. I see you, little puppy. Who wants the scratches on their bellies? You wants the scratches on their bellies. Who likes a little itchings and scratchings behind their ears? So, it's settled. I'll give Rosie a call, tell her to bring over Seado. Hard no. Too busy. Back to choring. No! Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. How're you doing, buddy? I'm good. Good. You look kind of bummed, buddy. Yeah. Kind of bummed, buddy? No, I'm just a bit lonely. But, I'm good, bro. You know, I'm so good, it's good. Yeah, totally. Yeah, good, dude. You know, I'm. I'm kinda bummed too. Yeah? It's just. Katy's always making me do stuff for her, and she's never hanging out with me. She's really busy, helping Wayne doing his stuff, and it's like. I'm good though. Dude, I'm also so good, bro. I'm so good. I'm so sick, bro! Bro! I'm super good! Good, bro! I'm so good. I am, dude. I'm having the best time. Having the best time. Ever. Nothing's wrong in my life. Best times. You good? Hey, Adam and Steve.  Stewart! I always support you. This is our place to dance. To disco. To get dirty. I'm not here to dance, heathen. Unless, well. Unless you ask me to, Roald. I'm here to street preach. After the church of spiritual humanism. Isn't it church of human spiritualism? No, isn't it the church of humanly spiritualists? The church of spiritual humanism formerly the church of spiritual humanism's science. Totally. Totally. After the church of spiritual humanism no longer required me to serve him under their roof, budget cuts, you know how that goes, I asked him to guide me to where I was needed. Him guided me to here. Rips. Rips? Ripsy do! Rips around a religious person? It's weird. Glen, this is where we do rips. Stewart, this is where I do revelations. What are you guys doing? Like we go to the gym and do reps? This is the area for rips. We just want to do reps. But we could all do revelations. We don't want to do revelations. Just reps. Want rips? No rips. Just reps. What about reps and revelations? Just reps! We cannot do rips and revelations. There will be no rips done in his presence! However, I can envision the scenario in which I'm doing revelations and you two are doing reps, and I'm watching, and I like it. Just reps! Just reps! Rips. Reps! Revelations! Rips! Reps! Revelations! Rips! Reps! Revelation! Hey!. Bonnie McMurray! I called the cops. Rips! Reps? Reps? Revelations. How are you now? Good, and you? Then, tell that to your face. You know, he's a shorthaired dog. You don't need to brush him twice a day. You know, you don't need to watch me brush him twice a day. Get a hobby. Get a kite. You know what? Take a fucking break from choring. It's a lot of work, Wayne. Well, do what you love, and you'll never work another day in your life. Come on, Gus. He is such a good boy. That's just what he is. If you never had to work another day in your life, what do you think you'd be doing?. That's a very good question, Derry. What would you do if you never had to work another day in your life? Well, pull on it, likely. I was just thinking, I'd have plenty of times for batching. We'd have so much time for mixing a batch. I'd mix a hardy batch. If I never had to work another day in my life, I'd be wailing on it. Or just hammering on it. It'd be like I was back in high school. beat my bread like it owes me money. I'd mix more bats than Betty Crockers. Play more horn than a trombone player. You know, I used to have pole position in many a fivefinger race. I've handled some shower stinkys. Beats sitting around scratching crotch all day. Or bust like Humpty Dumpty. I'd carry bigger wads than Tony Soprano. You know, we've been out weighing chores so much, I can't remember the last time I leaned into one. Yeah. Say, is there matinee game on, no?. What sport?. I don't know. Ball. Yes. Yes, I do believe there's a game this afternoon. You see that movie Get Out yet? Twice. Good fucking movie. Did you hear they're making a Canadian version? No. Called Get out. Happy birthday, Gail. Thanks, Katy cat. Rosie, how are you now? Good, and you? Tell that to your face. Okay. What's cooking, goodlookin'? Stormy. She won't leave the barn. I heard. Seado hasn't been himself either. Dogs, am I right? It's a lot of work. Do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life. Say, what would you do if you never had to work a day in your life? Read. I think I'll go do that now. Happy birthday, cousin. Bye, Katy. I'll tell you what I'd do. Shauna Gastonbrew? That, and. No, I meant for me. I'd diddle my skittle Oh? Till she spittles. For fuck's sakes. I'd flick my bean like a rousing game of . for sexy results. I don't doubt it. I mean it. You haven't seen a climax like this since Karate Kid crane kick. Bye, Gail. I've wet more skin than a public pool. I've reached more peak than a sherpa. So you sure you don't wanna come with us to Gail's birthday party there, big sugar? Too much choring to do. See the wet wheel out of here. What's the frequency there, Kenneth? Stormy got a finger in the bum. Was it a. Twoknuckler. Like a horizontal knuckler? Hard no. That means that a twoknuckler. Can confirm. A person has two knuckles, okay? One, two. It's not knuckle. I asked. I asked the vet if that sort of person has two knuckles per finger. One, two. Okay? It's clinical. So, I don't wanna hear another word about it. Fuck. Fair enough, good buddy. That might be something. What? Firing knuckles up animals bums all day. What do you mean? Well. that could be a lot of work. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. Wayne, how are you now? Good, and you? Then, tell. Tell that to your face. Yes, Katy, it's really funny how you keep saying that. What's the deal with Stormy? Physically, she's in ship shape. She's chiseled out of stone. The vet says that she's the healthiest German Shepherd she's ever seen. Vet like Shepherds. Oh, the vet love Shepherds. Shepherds are fucking lovable. So then, what's the problem? Vet said she might be depressed. Dogs get depressed? Get real! Well, then, you and Stormy make a fine pair of poopy pants then. Fly a kite, Katy. The only difference is that Stormy can't talk. I bet if she could talk, then she would tell us what's wrong so we could do something to fix it. You can talk. And it would be wise for you to use that luxury to tell the appropriate parties what's wrong so we can do something to fix it. Just some food for thought there, poopy pants. Hey, Seth. Hey, Seth! Fuck a duck. Super. You brought the fucking rocket, boys? Those Billet brothers are fucking rocket, boys? Let's play a little twoonone scheme. I'll play left, he'll play right, you fit in the middle. Ride the pine, we'll change onthefly. Let's find your neutral zones. I'd love to backcheck you, bud. It's a buttending clinic over here, boys. You make my stick hot. Get it? Come penetrate the slot, mister. You a good Dman? Sure, you're a good D. Man. Why don't you go up and lay me some of that skin, honey? Coming right up, Daxie. I miss my buddy. I'll be your buddy. I'll be your buddy. What're we even doing here? How are you now? Hail the Lord casteth Satan from the dollar storeth parking lot! And the Lord showedeth Satan no mercy. And the Lord casteth Satan into the deaths of the bowels of the pits of hell. Gentlemen. How goeth your revelations, Glen? Divine, Stewart. How goeth your rips? Celestial. There's no place for rips among revelations! Revelations haveth no place among rips! Then I believe we haveth our conclusion. That we doeth. Battle blitzkrieg. Conflict. Crash! Havoc! Hostility! War! War! How are you now? How are you now? Well, good, and you? Well, good, and you? Then tell that to your face. Then tell that to your face. What about Stormy? Not so good. Seado's been a pile, too. He's such a good boy. Yes, he is such a boy. You knocked out my cousin. My loyalty to my family will not be compromised. Your cousin knocked out my friends. My loyalty to them will not be compromised. Good enough. We're here for the dogs. Okay. Pitter patter. Bless her. Bradley? I'm at my second favorite cousin's birthday party and I don't see my favorite cousin or her dude, Wayne. Where you at? We're at Wayne's. Put me on speaker phone. Yo, Wayne. Bradley. This ain't Biggie and Pac. Nobody dead, nobody dying. I knocked out Wayne's friends, you knocked me out. We squared off and did it the right way. There's got to be a winner, there's got to be a loser. Yo, Wayne, I couldn't do it the night up on account of being unconscious and shit. Good, scrap, my dude. Yeah, that was a pretty good scrap. Last time I checked, that's how shit gets done. You got a problem you can't solve with words, you throw hands. After that, it's finished. I got no problems with you, Wayne. I got no problem with you, Bradley. Actually, I got a lot of time for dudes like you. Good ol' boys are a dying breed. Good ol' boys gotta keep the good ol' boys that are alive. I agree. Good ol' boys are a dying breed. And you're funniest fucking guy I know, Bradley. I mean, seriously. What say, you two quit being fools this damn minute? Ain't got no time to waste on this planet. That's what's up. You know, the Little Bones game is tied over there right now. That's what's up. That's what's up. That's what's up. You're damn right, that's what's up. Now, get your asses down to my second favorite cousin's birthday party. Okay, everybody, and who wants a big happy birthday together!. Happy birthday to Gail! Whoo! Yeah. Relationships, it's a lot of work. Do what you love. And you'll never work a day in your life. One of your dogs was being a degen the other day. What's up, what's up. Don't let the dog lick your boot. Off you go. Way y'go. Way y'go. Way y'go. What's the problem? Your boots are covered in piss. Are you accusing me of washing my boots in the toilet again? All dudes' shoes are covered in piss. From standin' in front of the toilet or a urinal. Your stream hits the water or the porcelain and it goes fuckin' everywhere. Prove it. No, he's right. Have you ever taken a look at the area half a foot in fronts of a urinal? It's like a miniature swamps. Ants could ride seadoos through it. Ants can't ride no seadoos. Of course ants can't ride no seadoos! Just don't let the dog lick your boots. I mean not to be an expert on the subject, 'cause of course, everybody's a fuckin' expert. Everybody's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. You know, when I was coming up we'd be lucky to even have a dog. Now everyone's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. You guys notice that whenever there's a problem everybody turns into a dog expert? We oughtta leave this world behind. Maybe they could. Maybe who could? Ants. Could what? Ride seadoos. Good buddy? See, there's a lot of variables at play here, obviously. But if you ask me if I've heard crazier things than ants riding seadoos. I'd say sure. You'd need a scientist. You'd need a team of scientists, I think. Well, ants are smart enough to walk single file and protect their queen. So, you know, they're just a stone's throw away from humans intelligencewise. They're a hop, skip and a jump, if you really think about it. You get a scientist to make a seadoo for an ant? Well, I think a team of scientists, a good one, for sure could. A scientist making seadoos for ants would be a tireless job. Thankless, likely, too. Well, you operates the gas with your thumb on the seadoo so, ants don't got thumbs. That right there is your first obstacles. No, you'd have to get scientists to make the gas a push button so the ant could just put his foot on it. It's like if a team of scientists was building a seadoo for an ant, they could likely just as easily build the ant a bionic thumb to operate the gas with. So, there's options there. Yeah. Ant would need a license to operate a personal watercraft. That's not a big deal. You can get that over the weekend. But the scientists would have to build them a PFD because they wouldn't let them take the course without it. Ants would have no problem stabilizing themselves out on the seadoo on accounts that they got more arms and legs than we do. They've got a leg up on us there, if you wants to be clever about it. If I'm an ant I'm operating the seadoo with my antennas. That way I've got all those arms and legs to stabilize myself on the machine, which you'd need like, if it's a wavy day on the water. It'd still take a lot of concentration from an ant. Like Dan's gonna fall off two or three times when he gets going. So it's just trial and error. I don't know. You don't know what? Well, think about Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. Think about how helpful and resilient the ant was the entire journey. Well, know what, I'm just gonna come right out and say it, the kids might never have got unshrunk if it weren't for the ant. That's all well and good, but I'm actually quite surprised you guys would suggest that the ants would just up and abandon his post protecting the queen to go ride on seadoos. Well, you don't know that ant, Dan. You know nothing about the ant, Dan. That's rather presumptuous of youse. You're an ant comin' up in a tough neighbourhood. Never caught a break in your life. All of a sudden there's a team of scientists outside your door with a seadoo. Dan, look me in the eye right now and tell me you don't ride it. The ant's buddies would be thrilled to help him out. They'd happily cover his shift protecting the queen. An opportunity like that? They'd be linin' up around the anthill. How many more opportunities like that you think the ant's going to get? Not many. That's the first ant in the colony to ride a seadoo. That's his legacy. They'd be talking about that ant intercolonial. Fire ants wouldn't fuck with him. He rides seadoos. What's the alternative? Yeah, what's the alternative? Work on an ant farm? That ant's got a life on the outside, he's got to live it God dammit. His hours might have got cut. He might have mouths to feed. You don't know. His wife's thinking about leaving, taking the kids too. I was out of line. Well, good people make mistakes, Dan. Yeah, it's all right. Just. just like, I don't know, like, down the road, I think, if you hear somebody talkin' about somebody that they don't really know, you'll swiftly correct them. I think it's important that they just learn something here. Not to be an expert, 'cause everybody's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. Can you get me some sour candies? Sure, KatyKat. You got him well trained, don't ya? Wayne, how'r ya now. Not s'bad. Good 'n you? Now. now hold on, Wayne, Wayne. Wayne, we aint' got time for the pleasantries, all right? Youse guys heard what the hockey coach is up to at the golf course? Fuck golf. Fuckin' ankle sock wearin' sallies, that's all I know. That fuckin' twat says there's too much shits from Canada Gooses on the golf course. There's too much shit from Canada Gooses everywhere. Just keep your dog out of it and keep walkin'. Exactly. But get this. To curb the amount of shits from Canada Gooses, that degenerate sonofabitch has put the wheels in motion to oil and grease up the eggs! Hot Jimmy! What the fuck ya talkin' about oil and grease up the eggs? They track down the Canada Gooses nests, put oil on Canada Gooses eggs so they won't hatch. Oh!  What?! So mother Canada Gooses sit on their eggs and wait diligently for them to Hatch, but they never hatch. Canada Gooseslings die inside the egg. What?! What?! What?! What?! I've never been so irate in my whole fuckin' life! You fuck with mother nature! You don't fuck with it, cocksucker. You don't fuck with motherhood! There's a special place in heaven for animal lovers, that's all I know. Those are fuckin' Canada Gooses. Those are Canada's fuckin' gooses. Canada Gooses are majestics. Barrelchested. The envys of all ornithologys. They are leaders. Born and bred leaders. Canada Gooses are vanfuckin'garde. Avantfuckin'garde. Guardians of the fuckin' galaxy! You wanna know what? You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me, and I suggest you let that one marinate. Now coach is an expert on Canada Gooses. Must be fuckin' nice! When I was comings up you'd be lucky to even have Canada Gooses. Now we got so manys you want to start killin' their babies. Must be fuckin' nice. You guys ever notice that as soon as there's a problem around here everybody starts killin' Canada Gooses? We oughtta leave this world behind. Canada Gooses mate for life. They're just like you and me. Those cocksuckers help each other fly when they're in the air. They look out for each other. Now you wanna kill them for takin' shits. You know, I saw two Canada Gooses mount a swan one time and you gotta think that swan told her friends about it. You're goddamn right she did. I think we all need to take a good look in the mirror and ask ourselves, where we would be without Canada Gooses. We cannot allows this to happen. We will not allow this to happen. I'm about ready to put some anthrax in the fuckin' mail here, that's all I know. ooh! Settle down, baby. Settle down. Hey! Let's hit the golf course! Hey. Hey, buddy. Oh, hey, buddy. You, uh, throwin' some weights around, eh? Beastin' it up. Nice. Muscle confusing. Progressive overloading. Gettin' yolked. Gettin' yolked. Nice. Could use a spot every now and then, though, you know. Could use a spot sometimes too. But I'm. I'm fine, though, man. Like, I'm good. Oh, yeah. No, I'm good, dude. Super good, man. Thanks for. Sweet. Who brought the rockets, boys? Whose billet brothers are fuckin' rockets, boys? I'll celebrate your biscuit all night, bud. Ever gone bar upski? Fag. How'd you know your dad's safe word when I fist his ass, bud? We got real dirty with his dangle, bud. I fucked your dad with chapped lips and a runny nose. Fucked your dad with bad bread and B. O. Olympic rules in this shootout boys. Order of shooters is me, me, me and then me, again. I'm fuckin' T. J Oshie. You've never seen a twoway centreman with jam like this, boys. Let's see some jam, boys. Let's see you jam it right up there. You need a pest on your roster? I'm a shit disturber. I'll disturb your shit all night. Wanna play some Chel? I should. I should really get back to Katy, buddy. Good call. Man, she makes me do stuff for her like all the time. I'll play Chel with you, buddy. Let's hit that A button. Ay, ay, ay, ay. If he gets tired I'll be right there to hit ay, ay, ay, ay, for him. I'll cover his point. any day. Must be nice. Thank you. I am very good. So, ladies and gentlemen of the Letterkenny Grey Granite Copper Crick Whistle Ridge Golf & Country Club, goose droppings will no longer be impeding our play on this lovely course. Thank you. Thank you. Now let's hit the links! Has someone around here got a problem with Canada Gooses takin' Canada deuces? Must be nice! When I was comings up we'd be luck to even have oils for our tractors. Now you got so much of it you want to pour it on eggs. Must be fuckin' nice! Whenever anybody's got a problem these days it's straight to dumpin' oil on it. We oughtta leave this world behind. Wanna know what? You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate. Leave the egg painting to the Easter Bunny, you pile of shit! Your wardrobe colour scheme looks like a bipolar spell! Get those cocksuckers off your feet! Pardon? The ankle socks, you fuckin' sally. How does your wife let you leave the house lookin' like that, huh? My wife died three years ago. Yeah, well, one look at you and it's clear she's in a better place now, you fuckin' asshole! Look! The oiling of goose eggs was approved by the board, all right? And a fine board it is. So your little breakingglass display is not going to work. That's why we have a new bylaw that prohibits glass bottles. So all of you are going to get fined. Fine my balls, you fuckin' dandy. Fine 'em and suck 'em while you're at it, you chooch! I will do neither of those things, good sir. There's a special place in heaven for animal lovers, that's what I always say. Yes. And those animals will now have a special place in heaven, as well. Along with my wife, Barbara. So, let's hit the links! Fuckin' embarrassing. I'm ready to drive my car into a crowd. Just calm down, baby. Let's get to work on getting the Canada Gooses off the golf course. We have some coyote decoys in the shed. Worked for that golf course off the Maitlands River. Uhhm, it'll work here too. Pitterpatter. We'll get to work on getting ankle socks off the golf course. Ain't that right, baby. Uhhm. Let's do this! 'Sup boys? Nothing. You? Nothin' I'm not doing a whole lot of anything these days. Oh. Oh. Be my altar boy, man. Be my altar man. The Lord worketh dayeth and nighteth in his battle to castaway heathenethses. That's a lot of work for the Lordeth alone. The Lord could useth some helpeth in his fight against the heathensetheseses. No! The Lordeth have all the help in the world. And all they want is your money anyway. Join us. Connect. Conjugate. Coalesce. I'm not really religious, boys. That'll do. Have nothing really against it, though. That'll do. Can't we all just hang out?. No! Coyotes. The most obnoxious predators of rural Canadas. The town'll still give you sixtyfive bucks a tail for pickin' 'em off. To kill coyotes is okay. Coyotes'll raid your hen house. Coyotes attack your livestock, too. You don't see no Canada Gooses steal with nobody, good or bad. No. You know what Canada Gooses do? Canada Gooses help the people who what's stolen from. That's what Canada Gooses do. Tell you what, if you're accusing Canada Gooses of stealing, you're accusing me of stealing and I suggest you let that one marinate. Let's get real here. Coyote decoys work on Canada Gooses, but there's not a coyote on planet Earth who wants nothin' to do with no Canada Gooses. Lions is lucky Canada Gooses don't migrate to Africa. Then they'd be's extinct. The only animal in the animal kingdom what wants anything to do with Canada Gooses is Canada Mooses. Well, Mike Tyson had a pretty good run of things. Do you wanna know why? No Canada Gooses in his weight class. Don't you remember when that plane had to land on the river in New York 'cause Canada Gooses flew into the engine? It's 'cause Canada Gooses likely had intel there was a pedophile or two on board and took matters into their own hands. As they should! No innocent people hurt either. You think that's a fluke? You tell me that's a fluke. Go ahead and try and tell me that's a fluke. You try to tell me that's a fluke right now. Okay, look! No Canada Gooses on the golf course means no eggs to be oiled. Animal cruelty avoided. Fuckin' eh. You know, when I was comin' up you'd be lucky to even have any animals. Now you got so many animals you wants to be cruel to them? Must be fuckin' nice! Any time anybody's got a problem these days it's straight to being cruel to animals. We gotta leave this world behind. Keep it movin'. I wanna get some sun today and there's still lots to do. For Canada Gooses?. Anything!. Quack! Who's that? Fuckin' embarrassing. You gonna replace that divot there, asshole? That cocksucker went farther than your ball did, you sally. Whoa! You got your pitchin' wedge in there? I got a pitch for you. Go fuck yourself. That's impressive. Heard you were sexually harassing all the beerkart girls. Well, we have a beerkart boy in this club so. Bingo!  Have some selfrespect you fuckin' sally. You're on Canada Gooses land. You better fix that divot 'cause Canada Gooses would fix it for you. There's a special place in heaven for friggin' animal lovers, that's what I always say. Umhmm. Watch yourself, baby.  You suck! Go fuck yourself, ya sally! Dookus. All right, Jonesy. Despite catastrophic contrariness in character and concerning contrast in conduct. Disturbing disparity in demeanour. Don't be redundant, Roald. Oh my God, I just woke up. Remind me. Do you enjoy gaming? Yeah. Dancing. Dancing. No. Hard drugs? That's a fight on sight, buddy. Qui! C'est parfait! Pardon? I think you mean pardone. Donc . Faque allonsy! Jonesy. Do you like bread? Yeah. Uhhmm. That's the body of Christ, buddy. Do you like wine? Sure. That's the blood of Christ. Do you like singing? Um. Doot do do do do. Do do. Oh, Lord, did you hear it? It's the voice of an angel. I think the choice is clear. Just do it! But. gaming! Gaming. I love Chel, boys. Chel it is. Chel it is. Chel? Uh, no! No! What about. cheese. Cheese? Yes. Cheese. Everyone knows cheese is the milk of Christ. You've hit the motherlode of cheesie yumminess when you pick Christ. It's a classic. Bread, wine, cheese. And also cured in salted dried meats. That's the flesh of Christ. Huh? See Corinthians! Bread, wine, cheese, meat! Christianity is a charcuterie board. Come have some charcuterie with Christ, Jonesy. You'll like it. It's yummy. Blasphemy! Sacrilege! What would you know? Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. Katy send you for some sour candies again? Yeah, buddy. Buddy, you should just buy a bunch of packs of sour candies. You put all the packs of sour candies in a jar at Katy's, then you won't have to keep coming into town to get sour candies. She'll have all the sour candies she wants right there. Did you know that you're the smartest person that I've ever met? Back off, Reilly. Jonesy's coming with me. No he is not! He's coming with us. I need a crew, buddy. Jonesy want some charcuterie of Christ? You must be hungry. You want a snacky? Christ gives you snackies. Jones. come here Jonesy. You want a little snackie, just. shhh Jonesy. Come here, Jonesy.  Yummy, yummy. Come here, Jonesy. Yummy, yummy, snack down. Yummy, yummy, snack down.  Who's the good Jonesy? Come here. come here Jonesy. Come. Come Yummy, yummy . Yummy yummy Oh who's the good Jonesy? Jonesy, chel, chel, chel. chel Jonesy, come here buddy. Come on. Chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel. Bujie, bujie, bujie, bujie. Chel. chel. Come here, Jonesy.  Fuck golf. Fuckin' embarrassing. Would you stop talkin' so I can enjoy this peaceful game? How fuckin' peaceful can it be hackin' it up all day, bud. You fuckin' suck. You're terrible. I'm not sure time heals that wound. Must be nice to have time to hack it up all day. Must be nice. When I was comin' up we'd be lucky to have any times to relax. Now you got enough time to relax and hacks it up. Must be fuckin' nice! Whenever anybody has a problem these days it's straight to hacking it up and make yourself look like a fuckin' fool on the links. Gotta leave this world behind. Look, the geese Gooses! .they're just pheasants with better marketing.  You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate.  You play the Beatles White Album backwards, you know what you hear? Canada Gooses. Same thing for Michael Jackson's Thriller.  And everything Shania Twain's ever recorded!  They buried a Canada Gooses feather at centre ice for Crosby's golden goal in 2010! When Columbus found North America and the Native Americans were in it, you know what helped them find the way? Canada Gooses. And what did you hear right before JFK's got assassinated there, Fuzzy Zellers? A Canada Goose trying to warns him. Did you ever notice how there's always Canada Gooses flying overhead when there's a fire? They're flapping water on it, but no one calls them heroes. They're not in it for the glory; they're in it for the people. For the relationships. I've noticed walking down the path of my life usually in the deepest and darkest and saddest times, there was always one set of footprints in the sand. And they're webbed. And if my wife were here instead of getting us a cocksucking gin and tonic she'd say there's a special place in heaven for animal lovers. Fuckin' embarrassing. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Come on. Come on! See anyone up town? Yeah, uh, Roald, Stewart, Glen, you know. Jonesy. I got a whole bag of sour candies for you so you can put 'em in a big jar and put 'em on the counter it's just. just for you, KatyKat. Oh, no I wanted the sour jellybeans. Okay, but I just drove all the way to town and. and back. So, uh Well, maybe Jonesy can pick them up. Or is Jonesy gone? Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. No! No? No. No. I'll. I'll. I'll go get. I'll go get them.  So, if I start taking shits on your golf course you can start killing my babies 'cause it's exact same thing with Canada Gooses. It's exact same thing. Aw, it's fuckin' embarrassing!  And how do you thinks Evil Knievel's made all them dare devil jumps there, shitty John Daleys, Canada Gooses. Letting them into their jet streams, that's how. That. that is not true. The same thing goes for Evil Knievel Junior and Travis Pastrana. They owe everything they have to Canada Gooses. It's not true!  And most people don't know this but Canada Gooses were the deciding factor in the 1995 Quebec referendum. They kept this country together.  You got a problem with animal lovers, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate. Fine! Fine! The Geese Gooses!  I will call off the oiling of the Goose eggs, all right, if you will leave this golf course, all right, and let the members of the Letterkenny Grey Granite Copper Creek Whistle Ridge Golf and goddam Country Club, play this game in peace! Do we have your word? You have my word! Then come look me in the eye and shake my fuckin' hand. Hop to it! Get movin', Tiger stripes Woods. Horizontal stripes are never flattering. Thank fuckin' Christ, am I happy to leave this fuckin' Goose factory. Holy shit do you hack it up. Unreal. Get some ankle socks, you dick head. Come on, come on, come on, replace those divots. Those Canada Gooses will do it for you. The fuckin' grass grows . Go for an Arnold Palmer. You know, it's hard not to have Canada Gooses backs when they're so close to us as humans. Male Canada Gooses help female Canada Gooses. They're fuckin' hammered, eh? It's pretty hard to believe that Canada Gooses are still labelled a pest species in most rural areas. Well, if the shoe fits, wear it. If the truth hurts, bare it, bud. I'll always root for the underdog. The Canada Gooselings are pretty cute when they hatch though, right? Well, no arguments there, good buddy. Fuckin' eh. Have you ever seen how Canada Gooses stray feathers floatin' on water? They're not even like other bird feathers that get all waterlogged and shit. No. They're aerodynamic. Aquadynamic. It's almost like ants could use their feathers as racing as kayaks or some shit. Ants racing on kayaks, baby. Of course they can't, ants can't race no kayaks, honey. But maybe they coulds.You finished up choring the other day. Fucking. Great day for hay. Wanna know the worst part about doing hay, is all the dust and debris what gets up your beak. Well, that's definitely the top three worst parts to doing hay, yeah. Fuck sakes, Dan, clean it up. That's what I was doing, Ms. Katys. Don't blow your nose on your sleeve. Well, how hard actually works if you never blown your nose on your shirt. Why are you taking your boots off, Dary? Is this the degen convention, or what's the scoop? Well how hard've you actually worked if you don't kick your boots off the second you're through? Keep those flippers away from me. What? Don't wanna my feet marinate in my sweaty boots. I suggest you don't let that one marinate. So you might get toenail fungus. on account of it's so moist in there. That'll be the last time I hear that word coming out of your mouth. What, fungus? No. Marinate? No. Oh. Moist. Don't tell that to the good folks of Moist Jaw, Saskatchewan. Or the good folks at Miramoisti where they love shucking moysters. Don't forget about Moistness Tennessees. The Moistissippi's a great river. You've ever been to MoistiGras? No, but I've been to the rocky Moistenrange in the United States of Amoistica. I will fight you. What have got against the Moistro Fresh Wes? Moist Def. Modest Moist. The Moisty Moisty Bosstones. Paul Moistcartney. That fucker wrote Yesterday , Katy. GucciMoist, Meek Moist, Moisty Cyrus. The MoistFits, DeadMoist. Moisttallica's, Moisters of Puppets. I'll fucking fight you. Get 'er a shot of fuckin' Jaggermoister. Or a Captain Moistgan's and Coke. We should get her a Moister Energy Drink , and then we should all go race Moistocross. Race some moister trucks. What's the problem? Oh, Jesus. Watch the smokes. There you go. Now you're moist. This display courtesy, of the Three Moist kateers. What are yous doing? What are yous doing? I asked you first. Not drinking at 00 a. m. How is that for an answer, you fucking degen? Bitch. That's Queen Bitch, Ugly. Who comes to the bar in their barn clothes, you fucking Ogre? Yeah, tell Shrek we said hello. And try not to fuck his donkey. Cannibal's a compliment for you. Keep walking, Critter. Tough talk. She can back it up too. Try it. You selling cigarettes to kids? Can I help you? I have a feeling you're the ones that are gonna need help. Move along, Skank. You're not from around here, are you? You're deaf? Take. A. Walk. You's are in deep shit. I'll give you a different kind of clap bomb, boys. Four pink pills and she's gone though, I promise. Let's set up in Gretz's office, boys. Work my quiet zone. You know what I'm saying? Remember the Louisville rubber shaft? Have a Daxiville rubber shaft. Let's have a Ronnybrooke. Short side, far side, blind side, gimme your best shot. Five holes are wide open, boys, take it. Take it! I can stick handle inside a phone booth, boys. Let's see your handles. Show me. I'm a late round performer, boys. Let's go seven. I have to say, boys, that is some of the finest chirping that I've ever received. Ever? And you're shrines too. your temples, my God. First team allstars. Take that to the temples, boys, two days written all over you. But people aren't supposed to enjoy being catcalled. Yeah, supposed to. not enjoy being catcalled. Yeah, hey, fuck buddy, if anybody knows how hot we are, you're looking at 'em. There's a lineup around the block for this bopbop shop. Yeah, and nobody's kicking this kid out of bed for eating crackers that's for sure. I've yet to see one customer not come back for seconds at that buffet. Yeah, I bet you thought everybody skips a continental breakfast. Guess what, they don't. Take this ride and you're getting right back in line, boys. Truth is, you're not really our type, boys. Bullfuckingshit. Think we don't see you rocking semis? We're gay guys at the gym, we're always rocking semis. It's true though. You're not our type. What is your type then, you fucking liar?. Otters. Like the Eerie Otters? Like the Cal State Monterey Bay Otters? No, otters are what we call skinny hairy dudes. Points for creativity, boys. Love the hustle, boys. so, what are we supposed to call you then? Our gay buddies from the gym, or. We took gay in the expansion draft from you about a hundred years back. Butch? Shout out to our sisters in the women's league. Fruit? Fruit had a cup of coffee in the show a few decades back, but never really produced for either of us. Bear? You guys released bear a while back for under performing and we got her at a friendly price. Been a real stud for us ever since. Cub? Cub's been consistent since he put her on line with Bear. Poofter? Still playing overseas. Likely gonna retire there. Nellie? Only your grandpa remembers that alumni. Homo? Homo maybe in your ring of honor, but never forget the body checks our goons threw down to end that career. Creed? Creed is the best Arena music of all time. But still, it's only for some. I'm not fucking saying it. Fag. Not sure that's PC, but you said it. Fag got cut in the '80s, and may have cleared waivers, but we all made a gentlemen's agreement not to sign it because of behavior detrimental to the league. Call me Dax. Call me Ron. Fuck, let's be buddies, Daxi. Let's be buds, Ronzy. Really? Yeah. Fuck, you guys slam crush butts. We slam crush box and the world keeps on turning, boys. Well, fuck. Come over here and lay some skin on me, Daxi. Lay some skin on me, Ronzy. Fist time. Look. Jonesy and I, usually just fist each other like. Just like that. Yeah, I know it's that. No, it's different, it's supposed to. It's like this. Oh, okay. I guess we better go talk to KatyKat, buddy. Time to break it to KittyKat, buddy, but wait. You seriously don't wanna bang us, you fucking liars? Come crash my crease, show stopper. Two minutes for rough and give me ten. I'll get rougher. Fuck the blue line. Nothin's offside over here. Try it. I'll bulge your twine. Just try and stop me. You're gonna love it. Sauce me a stretch pass, I'll sauce you a stretch ass. Let's bury a howitzer, boys. Send a howi, I'll get a stick on it. Let's go hip to hip. Their names are Shyla and Shania. The two newest strays on the Rez. They stole Axe and Slash from me. And I'm pretty sure they're banging them, 'cause they're fucking banging everyone. Skanks! They're selling cigarettes to kids. Yeah, well, kids are shit heads, like the resilient ones. They'd have found the darts one way or another, fuck. Excuse me, but I earned the right to sell smokes in Letterkenny, and I never sold to anyone under high school age. I fucking checked IDs. They called me a skank. Game on! I really miss Axe and Slash. I'm disappointed in them. They're like my buddies, you know. So I find them and beat the shit out of them? Well, I was starting to wonder when the next scrap was coming. Was starting to think it was never gonna come. And I'm not so sures it's beating the shits out of Axe and Slash is gonna makes them come backs to you, Tanis. No, no, they need their asses kicked. Fucking done. Every woman knows the way to a man's heart ain't through his zipper. Can confirm. It's through his stomach. Can confirm. And there is a big cookout on the Rez today, and I am the cookout Queen. Everyone comes my way. So if Axe and Slash don't come running, I'm a fucking chimp. What are you cooking? What are you cooking? Everything. Bison burgers, Walleye nuggets, trout fillets, Venison steaks, bannock, fried bread. and my famous Indian taco. You'll have to roll me out of there, Tanis. Yeah, they got forklifts on the Rez there Tanis? Then she's bought and paid for. We cruise on in there, eat like kings, beat the shit out of those dudes, snatch up Axe and Slash, and away we go. Don't say that word. What? Oh. Snatch. You're gonna bring up all those rich meats, and now you don't wanna talk about snatcherated fats? What you never had a Cabbage Snatch Kid growing up? What'd you never had a snatchandsniff sticker when you were a kid? Everyone loves snatchandwin bingo. Fuck off. How about that Robin Williams movie, Snatch Adams? That tugged at a few heartstrings. My favorite part of the Simpsons was the Itchy and Snatchy Show. What, you never see Snathural Born Killers? Margaret Snatcher was the Prime Minister of Great Britain. Wonder if she ever met Benedict Cumbersnatch. He's from over there too, right? Who wrote that song Snatch My Bitch Up? Definitely not Snatchbox 20. Or Snatching Pumpkins. What's the problem? Shyla and Shania have a bunch of guys with them so you might wanna call in a favor. I'll holler one instead. Hey! Remember when we backed yous up on the Rez? Yeah, that time we didn't have the Native Flu? Payback time. Good. Because we definitely didn't have the Native Flu. Snatchurally. Scooby snatch. What's the problem? To the Rez, pink dicks. The hour is upon us, Bible thumper. How'd you know, heathen? You don't even wear a watch. What happened to he who cast the first stone? A broken window likely. And hopefully no one seriously injured. Tell me, preacher, if your God found himself in a comparable turf war contingency, what would Jesus do? Jesus would advocate for empathy, acceptance and grace. Jesus might advise you to take a whack at his way of life. Very well. What? Fuck it. We will sample his style, for the day. Oh. Under the condition that you sample ours. I don't know, Stewart, I'm hesitant. What happened to, For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid? Second Timothy 7. Oh, you are proving yourself exalted, Roald. Alors? D'accord. Allonsy. But first, our wardrobes crave alteration. You're just gonna let this chicken sit uncovered, or. Put the grill up to 500. You wanna turn that down a bit, or. Montreal steak spice would help that Bison meat. So you gonna sprinkle some on there or. Sure you wanna put those fish and veggies on at the same time, or. Yous wanna stop questioning Auntie Tanis' cooking? Still you're gonna squirt a little marinate on there, or. Don't say that word. What, marinate? No. Oh. Squirt. What the fuck, Tanis, you love WuTang Clan. No love for Old Squirty Bastard. Squirt McGirt. Katy, you love Odd Future. You got no love for Earl Sweatsquirt? What about Rush drummer Neil Squirt? Or Squirton Cummings of The Guess Whos? Squirtis Mayfield. Squirt Cobain. Too far. Rosie loves reading Squirt Vonnegut literature. Didn't you ever watch that show when you were a kid, Squirt and Ernie? Katy was watching Squirty Dancing just yesterday. Okay, that's a lie. I was watching Squirty Dancing. It's a great movie. I think it's about time we revisit the Squirty Harry film series. Didn't Kathryn Bigelow direct that movie, The Squirt Locker? We squirtnear forgot about Jamie Lee Squrtis. Fuck! Squirtnear. I don't want the squirt the issue here boys, but I'm a real sucker for pencil squirts. Minisquirts, boys. Fuck, Tanis, you got a half a dozen squirt steaks on the grill right now. What's the problem? Really though, are you gonna squirt a little marinade on there, or. Fuck sake. Allow me to begin my three step tutorial on preachin'. So here's how you start. Step one, guilt blasting'. Take to the pulpit, present yourself to the congregation and you really just let 'em have it. Goes something like this. You're all guilty. You're all sinners. You're all guilty of sin. You're all guilty of not asking for forgiveness. Oh, I know, I know, I know. Here we go. We skip into doopadoopadoo, acting like he isn't even there, he doesn't even matter. Who cares about Jesus. 'Till somethin' goes wrong. Till you're served the lemons. And then suddenly it's, Oh, Jesus, help me. I need you now. I can't remember how to make lemonade. I need your help, Jesus. I've been bad and I'm scared and I'm afraid. Where's my Jesus? Help me Jesus. Kind of mean. Enticing. Step two? Step two. Guilt blastin' through prayer. Five star. So, this one, you wanna dig a little bit deeper, maybe crank everything up to a eleven. Something. Something a little like this. See if you can follow. Oh, Lord, it's us again. Stinky little sinners. Human sacks of garbage! Probably already half way to hell. You know the drill, Lord. When everything's going bad, we come running. When everything's good, poof! We act like your grace is our birthright. Which it is not! Oh, I'm sure you're tired. Lord, you must be exhausted! You already went ahead and died for our sins. Then you went and brought yourself back from the dead. I'm tired just thinking about it. So you rest for a bit, Lord. You rest. And we, we'll just keep doing what we do best. Paving our own roads to hell. You know the drill. Amen! Bewitching. Oh, what's step three? Step three, is the collection plate. Wondrous. Well, that's uh, pretty much all sure about preachin'. So, uh, what are your three steps?. Take this. Press play. And dance. Are you meaning to do the Bison medium well, or. Sure you want that raw chicken so close to the veggies, or. BOTH. Shut up!. hey! Don't talk to them like that. Or what? Or whatever the fuck I want! We hear you like to bark. But do you even bite? Maybe if you spent less time on your backs, yous would know. Or maybe if you spent less time selling cigarettes to kids, you'd know. Uh hmm. This ain't gonna last. Yous ain't foolin' anyone. Yes, it will. Yeah, it will. Start thinking with your big brain not your little brain. They don't need you, Tanis. Nobody does. We've got them now. There's a bit of char on your grill, you gonna scrape that off, or. You gonna bump that heat down or. What's that? Is that a little trouble in paradise? You never complained about Auntie Tanis's cooking. Just sayin'. Enough! You tarts can't handle a barbeque, let alone handle your scandal. I can see your clammy hands from here. Do not say that word. I hate that word. Which one?. Oh. Clammy! Let's just pump the brakes and quick fuckin' sec here your friends in clamellia. Let's get to the clammeat and potatoes of it. What'd, you never listen to Clammy Davis Junior? What's up? Clammy Hagar's the superior Val Halen vocalist. I don't care what anyone else says. Clammy Sosa use to hit them big dingers. What, you never listen to Clammy Wynette? What's the problem? Shut up! Nuff talkin'. Nuff chin waggin'. Which one of yous called my sister a skank? Oh, there's not much I can do about this one, kiddo. It's all right, boo. I got her. Fuck sake. When's the next scrap comin'? Starting to think it's never gonna fuckin' come, fuck. You gonna give those nuggets a flip soon, or. Want me to do it, or. For fuck sakes. Hi, Katy. Hi, KatyKat. Pete and repeat. Ola. So, uh, we were just, we were just wondering. Like we're partners. Kind of. Um, and we work well really together So like, we were wondering if. If I would date both of you again. Actually, yes. Yeah. The truth is, guys, I don't really want to date either of you. It's just not really the right time. BOTH. Oh. And now it's just you guys, so, think of all the snipes. BOTH. Hmm. Big city slams. Oooh. Wheel, snipe, celly boys. Dirty fuckin' dangles, boys! So. you still prefer pussy over a meal made by Auntie Tanis?. They don't need you, anymore. You know what I heard. You guys aren't the only ones in there. Better watch out for that yeast. Do not say that word. Which one, pussy? No. Oh. Yeast! What'd you never watch Beauty and the Yeast growing up? You outta your fuckin mind. What, you never stayed up for the Yeaster Bunny? Yeastern Promises, it's a great movie. Yeastbound and Down is a great shows. You look more suited to the Witches of Yeastwick. Or the Yeast Enders. Done it. Look, all we are saying is Give Yeast a Chance. Have you ever listened to the Yeasty Boys? Ain't you ever been to Yeast Side Marios? This isn't Yeast or Famine. And last but not yeast. Fuck off. I'm fatigued. Feeble. Flimsy. Same. Drained. Dilapidated. Doddering. I feel strangely fine. Bombers? Out of bombers. Rips? Oh, I think, Glen has the rips. Glen. Yes? Did any of those rips survive? Oh, sure. All of them. I didn't touch it. What? But how did you. The power of Christ compels me, Stewart. You're foolin' us. No. I tricked you. And trickery's not a sin. Also, I got you to give God a try for a day. Didn't kill you, did it? No. As it turns out, God is actually pretty metal. Well, of course he's metal. Ain't you never heard of P. O. D.? We concede, Glen. Oh. You have electrified us here today. Oh. We agree to cut the pie. Divvy it up? Yes. We can share the Dollar Store parking lot. Hurray! But you're gonna be on your way now. Woo! I'm. I'm done with this Indian Taco. I'd invite yous over but you're too busy fuckin' up, so. They don't need you anymore. Chicken's dry. What? Nothing. No. What did you say? Chicken's dry. I can hardly swallow it. You want it to be a bit moist. Argh. Don't say that word. What word? Oh. Moist. What? You've never watched Mickey and Minnie Moist growing up? You outta your fuckin' mind? Ronald Moist Donald. Seein' my buddy Ben on Moisture Chefs Canadas? No. But I'm all caught up on How to Moist a Murder. Fuck those Avery's really put their foots in it now, eh? My favorite show is America's Moist Wanted. You gotta respect athleticisms, Connor MoistGregor, Conner MoistDavid, Floyd MoistWeather. Boy, they're all at the top of their classes. They're all driving Moisteradis, that's all I know. May even a Rolls Moist. Or maybe a Moistcedes Benz. No Moistsubishis eclipses in this bunch. They're not using Capital One MoisterCards. Nope. They got Amex Black likely. Moist money, moist problems. You're bum scum, bud. Sled Ted? Rat Ass? Jivin' fuckin' Pete. They've assembled the Degen AllStars. Their organization is baffling. The fuck's your name anyway, bud? Alistair Orson Westwood Yates. Baffling. My name is. Shut the fuck up. Let's see you back it up now, bitch. Tanis! We're gonna get our asses kicked. Not our pig, not our farm, boys. Yous don't need me anymore, remember? I, uh, have kind of been wondering when the next scrap is coming. Oh, fuck. Wait for it. We're so sorry, Auntie. We wanna come back. We miss you, Tanis. You took care of us. We promise, we'll never get blinded by the pussy again. We'll swear off the pussy for two weeks. See what happened here today, ladies. The way to a man's heart ain' through his zipper. Tanis. Hmm? Let's have a scrap. About fuckin' time. I started to think it was never gonna come. Hmm, this is ever good there, Auntie. I know. Thanks, Tanis. Auntie Tanis always takes care of her cubs, wayhey! I was a bit worried when we were cooking the raw chicken so close to the veg, but. Axe! I fuckin' hate that word. What word? Oh. BOTH. Veg. Let me talk you of the vedge, big brother. I guess we're not gonna vedge allegiance to the flag then, eh? Have a dart? Have a Benson and Vedges. Oh, you don't like Peter Gabriel? That fucker wrote VedgeHammer. Stevie Nicks. Vedge of Seventeen. Stevie Nicks is a fuckin' vegendary. Aerosmith, Living on the Vedge. Heath Vedger. Vegendary. You didn't like Edie VedgeWick? That fucker married Kevin Bacon. No, no, no, no, no. That was Keira Vedgewick. Edie VedgeWick was Warhol's girl. Well, I happen to know for a fact that Dan has a full vedge boner for any Vedgewick. Avegedly. Vegitimately. Vedge of Tomorrow starring Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt. Amazing movie. Uhhuh. Well, I don't think you're going to get a word in here, vegdewish good buddy. Prepare the Vegiment. Take them veg or alive. Vegiment! Fire! You were trying to figure out WTF. with your BFFs the other day. You guys ever sexted? No All the times. Do you really? Daily. I'm a bit surprised at you, Squirrely Dan. It's all above water, I assure's you. I'm on a telephone application's called Bumble. It's kind of like Tinder except only the women's can initiate conversations. So, what, they just message you up on your telephone to sex talk? Sex text. Correct. Terrific. I think I've been sexting with a gal, but not too sure. Well, what did she sext ya? LOL. What did you sext her directly before that? Well, I asked her if she wanted to go on a date. That's not sexting. Sure's it is. No, it isn't. Dary asked a gal to go on the date and she texted back LOL's. Yes, so it appears as though that's what went down, Squirrely Dan. Well, that means, Lots of love. No it doesn't. Sure's it does. No it doesn't. LOL means, Laughing out loud. So? So one of two things, super chief. Number A, she thinks the very thought of going on a date with you is laughable. Or number B, the fact that you'd think she'd want to go on a date with you is laughable. Either way you're hooped. So? So she's laughing at you, bud. So it's.not sexting? Figure it out. Maybe she meant, Lots of load. You wanna know what? That's the problem with sexting and texting or technology in general. The world needs less Facebook and more facetoface. More than a bit fuckin' embarrassing, we're all sitting around here trying decipher what three letters might mean. I'm sensing a bit of hostility here, big shoots. Wanna know how my Uncle Ed met my Aunt Mary? Walked right up to her, like a sock hop. Told her he thought she was pretty. Uncle Eddie's was a legend. Aunt Marian, too. Then he asked her if she wanted to dance with him. Like, if she wanted to twist. I bet you he swingdanced her. Before he ballroomed 'er. And she walks over to her gal pals and they're all saying, How about the balls on this sailor. Walks right up to a pretty girl like you asking for a twist. Of course they're all green with envy because no one's asked them to twist. That sounds like Uncle Eddie's all right. Yeah, sounds like par for the course for Uncle Eddie. Don't you think it ends there. It doesn't. Guess who walks into the sock hop like he owns the place? Elvis Presley. King of rock 'n' roll. Walks right up to Aunt Mary and says he ain't nothin' but a hound dog. Oh. Tight spot for Uncle Eddie's. What did Uncle Eddie do? Uncle Eddie? Walks right over to the King of Rock 'n' Roll and puts him on his ass. Wow. Uncle Eddie. Next thing you know, in walks the Rat Pack with Chuck Berry and the Beach Boys who hadn't broken yet but were making a name for themselves as California street toughs. Guess what. all good buddies with Elvis. No. He's a goner. Gotta be. Think again. Uncle Eddie gets a tap on his shoulder, a voice says to him he says, Hey, kid. Need a hand? Guess who? You ever heard of Johnny Cash? Well, now you're spinning's a yarn. The Man In Black himself? You better believe it's the Man In Black. He's with his good pals John Wayne and James Brown who don't take shit off anybody. Everybody knows that. You gonna throw hands at James Brown, I'm sorry you're a goner. Everybody knows that. But they're still outnumbered. So guess who shimmies over in a real bad mood? Who? Little Richard. Gotta be. Hey, you better fuckin' believe it's Little Richard. He's with his good pal Bing Crosby. That's PreWhite Christmas when he was still on the bottle and a nasty drunk. So you know it's on now. Number one selling albums of alltimes, White Christmas. Uh, that's Pre White Christmas. Look out. So fuckin' Buddy Holly walks over and Bertuzzi's Uncle Eddie, right? Next thing you know, Ray Charles has got Buddy Holly in a rear naked. Buddy Holly's tappin', Ray Charles says, No way. It's not how this ends. Cash is over there armbarring Sinatra. Sammy Davis Jr. switched sides halfway through the fight, he's got Dean Martin in an Omoplata. Well, where's Uncle Eddie? Well, what's he gonna do? He's gotta do something. Uncle Eddie's freshly transitioned from a triangle choke in favor of a full mount. He's got Brian Wilson down ready to serve the final blow and someone catches his fist. Guess who? Johnny Cash. Says, Hey, kid. We got this from here. Go get your girl. Uncle Eddie gets up, John Wayne gives him a tap on the butt like they're old locker room pals. Well, what's Aunt Marion's doing? Did he go over to her? Tell you what. She went to him, okay. He scoops her up in his arms, fireman carries her out of there to applause from the sock hoppers who clear a path for them. Takes her for a fuckin' milkshake. Like a real man. Wow. Uncle Eddie. So next time you're thinking about texting a girl to ask her out on a date, I want you to stop and think. About what? About the glory you're leaving on the table. Hey, it's her. Well, what she says?. New phone. Who this? LOL. And that's why I never drink out of Gino Reda's mug again. These sheets are just jibber. Oh, hi. Welcome to Sports Centre. I'm Dan, he's Jay. Hello, Dan. A homegrown feelgood story to round out the program. Local hockey stars Hudson and James Bay return from a stint in Europe to Letterkenny, Ontario. to help their dad do hay. Now what's not to like about that? Oh, boy. Toolesy? Yeah. Letterkenny, Ontario. Problem, Toolesy? No. No problem. Letterkenny, Ontario. Home of local hockey stars Hudson and James Bay. Yeah. Yeah. You ever been to Letterkenny, Jay? I've not had the pleasure, no. As you're aware by now, I'm from Peterborough, Ontario. Yes, I'm aware. Okay. You're familiar with brawls in hockey. Yes, I'm familiar. Yeah, they happen all the time. How about brawls in curling? That's a new one! Okay, that's what happened when Letterkenny's curling team came to Peterborough. A curling brawl? Yeah. A brawl at a curling match. You ever heard of a cribbage brawl? More new territory. Yeah, that's what happened routinely when members of the Letterkenny Legion came and played cribbage tournaments against members of the Peterborough Legion. A cribbage brawl? Yeah. A brawl at a cribbage tournament. Toolesy. You think I'm making this crap up? So what are you sayin' here, Toolesy? Okay, just if I were Hudson and James Bay. Home to do hay. Yeah, yeah. I'd be staying in Europe. Are you ready for this old goat to make your day? Okay. Guess who's coming to visit us this weekend? No way. Way. No way. For hay? For hay. No way. All the way. Who did they say? Well, they didn't, did they? Well, not yet anyway. So go ahead and say. James and Hudson. Bay? Bay. James and Hudson Bay. No way. Way. Home to stay? Just for hay. You don't say. Well, you know, a little bit of work, little bit of play. Hooray. James and Hudson Bay. Hicks all the way. All the way. Oh, look. There's a stray. Those guys are LOL. Legends of Letterkenny. Good workers, too. Well, they're great workers. They put away bales with the best of them. Faster than a fox over a fence. James and Hudson Bay. You wanna know what? The brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud in our own special way. So, stick with tradition? Well, you don't fuck with tradition. Puppers and a pig roast for the brothers Bay. Puppers and a pig. All right well, I'm gonna go talk to Tanis about the pig. You get them cheapest on the Rez. Okay, Katy. Okay. Okay, Dary. Okay. Okay, Dan. Okay. Okay, stray.  But what are we gonna call the party this year? Hay Days. No. A Bay in the Life. We're gettin' warmer. Baywatch. Almost there. Wait! Great day for Bay. Yes. Yeah. Yup. Great Day for Bay. Will somebody help me get that fuckin' stray? Oh, shit, it's gettin' away. Come on, yous two, he just wants to play. Fuckin' beauties, boys. Beauties and beasts. The Brothers Bay. James and Hudson Bay. Hockey players all the way. Bayoootoful. Letterkenny Shamrocks alltime leaders in points, PIMS and plus/minus. Now they're playing in Europe. Imagine all the Amserdamsels in Europe. Be wheelin' abroad all right. International ass. Getting their ass ports stamped. Oh, they're part of the European Poonion now, buddy. Traveling through Titaly for sure. Seeing all kind of Vaticans. Nice mountains in Titzerland, too. Hammerin' all the Croatiass. Smashin' all that Romaniass. Slam crushin' all that Albaniass. Oh, welcome to Bulgearia. Yeah, the Brothers Bay, hockey players all the way. All the way. Droppin' mitts and suckin' tits. Titty validity. Titty stupidity. Home this weekend, buddy. Home this weekend, bro. Gotta do something epic. How are we going to top All Bay, All Night from last year? Fuck! That drew more box than an architect. They'll come up with something. Where there's a will there's a Bay. Europe! Europe! Bay Brothers. Egotistical egotesticles. Stewart! They're your family. Questionable. Undeniable. Unverifiable. Stewart, they're your cousins. There's pictures of you and the Bays together as kids all over your house. My mum's house. Well, you still live there. Roald. Stewart.it is verifiable. This is not a Bay Pride parade. Those Baystards never wanted to hang out with me anyway. I'm nauseated by their hokey hockey hickey shit. I do not want to spend more time down by the Bay. Where the watermelons. Grow up! Hi. What's your name? Zack. Zack. Russell Terrier. Zack Russell Terrier? Present. We're having a BayBQ this weekend, 'cause the Bay brothers Bay are coming home. James and Hudson. Do you know them? We're second cousins. Oh. Their uncle Cal married my Aunt Sue. Oh, which one's a Bay? Aunt Sue was a Bay before she was a Casa. So now she's Sue Casa? Married Calvin Garfield Casa. Goes by Cal Gary. You might know their kids, Sam and Ella. Salmonella? Yeah, Sam and Ella have a halfbrother Ty, as well. Ty Casa. I said halfbrother. His last name's Food. Ty Food? Present. Jesus. What's your name? Katy. Katy what? Wait.you know my half brother, Ash, right? Ash who? Wednesday. Ash Wednesday? MmHmm, that's him. Hangs out with the Books. The Books? Art and Mac. Art Book and Mac Book? Yeah. Know them? Are you fucking with me? No! Zack Russell Terrier and Ty Food ain't fuckin' with you. What's with the pig? The brothers Bay are coming home this weekend, so Saturday we're going to Bay Bash. Big BayBQ. Oh, yeah? What's it called? Great Day for Bay. Nice. Points for Bay Bash as well. It's too bad, though. What's too bad? Well, the Bay Brothers are coming to the Rez on Saturday for a party. They're part native all the way. But, Great Day for Bay. Yeah but, we already got $1,000 on fireworks. Thunder Bay. Saturday. Hmm? Hey, Zack Russell Terrier and Ty Food are going to come. Maybe you'll come, too. Hey. That's barley. Okay. How are you now? You should stand down on Great Day for Bay. What? The Bay Brothers are coming to the Rez for Thunder Bay. They're part native all the way. They're full hick all the way. Plus we already purchased the pig from your people. Yeah, but do you's even know how to cook it? Throw it on a spit and rotate. Don't threaten me with a good time. Okay. What about when you insert the thermometer to check the temperature inside? What about it? I don't know. You tell me. Here's the scoop. We've already planned the party. Yeah, but we've already spent $1,000 on fireworks. I don't want to see that go up in smoke. Up?  What? Nothing. Go ahead. Keeping in mind that you once burnt down the produce stand, a lot has happened since then. The Brothers Bay home for hay is the perfect opportunity for all of us to come together and show them we're proud. So, we would like to invite you and your friends here for Great Day for Bay. Or you can move your party to the Rez for Thunder Bay. 'Cause the Bay Brothers are part native.all the way. They're full hick. All the way. So. You trying to sneak a sunrise past a rooster, Tanis? I don't know. You're the one whose stuck between a cock and hard place. You a breast or thigh guy? They're full hick. Correct. And only part native. Splittin' hairs, but yeah. So we host. Fair. But the name. Great Day for. Uh. What? What? Nothing. You go. How's this? Great Day for Thunder Bay. Great Day for Thunder Bay! Puppers, pigs and pyrotechnics. Puppers, pigs, pyrotechnics and pepperettes. Perfect. See you there, Wayne or shine. Good enough. There'll be fireworks, just like old times. It's been a business doing pleasure with you, Tanis. So, what about that elusive girl of yours? She gonna show her face for once? None of your beeswax. People are talkin' you know. None of their beeswax. Doesn't bother you? Mind your beeswax, Tanis. Hmm . Later, boo. We tried to come up with our own party for the Bay Brothers, but. You's are welcome to come to our party. Wanna know what? The Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud. Yeah. We know. It was just. Just that everyone keeps coming up with cool names for their Bay parties and all we could come up with was Bay There Delilah. Bay Jude was a runner up. And honorable mention, Independence Bay. Yeah, Bay the Earth Stood Still was also a contender. Shout out to Glory Bays. But, credit where credit's due. Great Day for Bay cannot be beaten. So, we'd love to come to your BayBQ. We just told you that you're invited. Fuck, we just fuckin' said! You know what, the Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud. Nice. We're invited. Sick, boys. Sick. How can we help? Well, I haven't heard form the Brothers Bay all day so safe to say they're behind on hay. You should head on over. Lend us a hand. Done. Just like liftin' hockey bags, right boys? On par. Lift with your legs not your back, right boys? Why don't you try both and see which one works out betters for ya? You'll wanna throw on some pants or else you carve your legs all up. Bring some fuckin' Puppers too. Pitter patter. Not gonna do the pants, man. Yeah. Go get beer though. Yes, Stewart you can come to Great Day for Bay. Bayarf. Pardon? Great day for barf. So I take it you won't be coming here then. Oh, we'll be there. To laugh at what losers they are. Bring some fuckin' Puppers. Yeah. Okay, cool. Bye. They never wanted to hang out with me anyway. Time to make those idiots Bay. What does that mean? The expression is, make them pay. I replaced their last name to be clever. Oh. Oh yeah, I know. That's super.super clever. You try! Okay. Uh, go ahead, make my Bay! Satisfactory. What's up? How're you now? Smokin' darts and breakin' hearts. You bring the fireworks? That was the deal wasn't it? Can confirm. She here? Have a fuckin' Puppers. Hey. You wanna see the pig? Solid opening. I checked and it's my cousin Ed who knows you. Oh, Ed who? Ed Monton. Yeah. Yeah. He's friends with my buddy Mike. Which Mike? Check. For sure. Ed Monton was Mike Check's best man at his wedding. Told you they weren't fuckin' with you. Fuckin' babes, eh? Great Day for Thunder Bay, eh boys? Judging by your arms, doesn't like it was that good of a day. Super great day for Thunder Bay, boys. Got an inside look at hick life. Feels pretty good to do some hard labor. Beats the fuckin' gym. Yeah, gym fuckin' sucks, boys. Well, next time you'll know to wear long sleeves and pants. Where's the Bays? Well, according to their parents. George Ian? Fanny's? George Ian Bay and Fanny Bay said Hudson and James Bay went into town for a meeting. A meeting? Well, according to George Ian Bay. Fanny Bay said she couldn't get a hold of James or Hudson Bay all afternoon. You know what, buddy? I haven't been able to get a hold of Big City Slams all afternoon either, buddy. Hey, you boys seen those two gym babes? You know, the two babes from the gym. Are they here? Don't think so boys. Couldn't get a hold of those babes all afternoon. It's them. It's them. Well, Great Day for Thunder Bay, fellows. Welcome home. Thanks Wayne. Welcome home. Thanks Wayne. Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for us to show you guys how proud we are of you. Thanks Katy. You guys made it all the way to Europe. Welcome home, Hudson. Got to tell us all about Europe. Welcome home, James. Got to tell us all about Europe. We will. We will. In keeping with tradition as promised, Puppers and pig. And pyrotechnics this year, too. Welcome home, pussies. Thanks, Tanis. Thanks, Tanis. But say, what were you guys doin' all day?. We had a meeting. Meeting? Let's call a bay of pigs. There's that gym babe. There's that other gym babe. More like Guantanamo Bay. 'Cause I didn't know whether we were gonna get out alive. Hey, it's Big City Slams. Felt like I was on Bays of Our Lives 'cause there were so many storylines going on all at once. Big City Slams 2, boys. I don't even know what Bay it is. Angie. Never thought I'd be into Bay sex. Thanks for the Bay City Roll, boys. I'll be your Bayonce any day. Well. LOL. Is Stewart here? Hudson? Stewart. James. Stewart. Can we finally hang out? Hang out? Let's have a fuckin' Puppers. I'd love a fucking Puppers. I just always figured you didn't want to. You know, the whole hicks versus skids thing. They're hockey players all the way, boys. Part native all the way, too, boys We're family. All the way. You guys do rips?. Hard no. But do you rip Chel? 'Cause we will rip Chel. Oh, Stewart. Goddamn right I rip Chel. You guys got rips? We got rips. They'll do rips. No rips. But we'll rip Chel, boys. Are you boys talking about what I think you're talking about? What if we are? I'm calling the cops. No. Just kidding. Do some rips. We're gonna need more rips. I got rips. Then it's on. Chel. You god damn right, it's on. Chel. In rips. Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Hats off to Tanis, boys. She's certainly a great day for Thunder Bay. Tanis has out done's herself.You got invited to a party the other day. The McMurrays have invited us over for a BBQ this afternoon. That'll be a soft pass for me. Just a soft pass? A super.soft pass. Well, why is that? You got something else on the go, big shooter? Well, ah, you know, it's just Saturday. Rosie scooch on over. Watch a little TV. Bob's your uncle. Do I have to remind you that you are in a longterm relationship. And.? And as such you are obliged to partakes in some socials stimulations from times to time, lest the young lady becomes rastless. Rastless? Rastless. Well, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, bud. Sure. But you can't just watch TV and have sex every night, Wayne. Sometimes Netflix and chill just ain't enough. A young lady deserves more than just Amazon Primes and sexy times. YouTube and lube isn't gonna cut it. You can't just stream it and cream it, bud. There's more to life than a little Hulu and youscrew, big brother. Gotta step out of your comfort zone. There's not a goddamn thing wrong with a little Playstation Vue and I service you. Not a goddamn thing. A little Project Free TV and you service me. A little Pirate Bay with some sexual spray. A couple of torrent sites minus the bed lights. What about a little satellite and an overnight? A little satellite and tickle fight. Invite a friend over for Direct TV and a menage a three. Yeah, there's more to life than a li'l HBO and a go, big brother. You gotta step out of your comfort zone. Wanna know what? I don't know who called it the comfort zone, but I'm pretty sure they called it that 'cause everything inside that zone's good and comfy. So once you get outside of that zone, fuck. Well, that's when things can get a bit dicey. Oh! Ooh. Welcome to Chez McMurray. MR. Oh, ho. Or, Fort McMurray. Here you go, babe. Whatever you're into that's what I always say. McMurray!. Wayne, how're you now?. How'r you. Oh good. Not s'bad. I'm not s'. I'm good. Just go! Where. where is your better half, Wayne? Reading a book. All right. Well, everybody make yourself at home. We got cold beer and frozen marg mix. Oh, yeah. You got blueberry, avocado passion fruit margs? We got agave prickly pear marg mix. Mhh hmm. Colada mix, too. You got kiwi fruit cucumber jalapeno pina colada? We got charred orange ruby red grapefruit pomegranate pina coladas. Even got daiquiri mix, too. Oh, you got whole citrus hungry gal magic low cal daiquiris? We got smoky watermelon michelada aqua velva aqua fresca super, super duper, super sipper Daiquiris. Good enough. Whatever you're into is what I always say. That's right. Plus, we got a shit ton of super fun shit planned for today. Oh, boy. All kinds. Just went down and got myself a brand spankin' new karaoke machine down at the swap meet. Oh, boy. It's only got the Chinese songs, but it works just fine. All right, lemme run down the house rules. Rule number. You must have fun. That's it. That's the only fuckin' rule. That's easy to remembers then. I hope everybody remembered to bring their swim trunks. Come on down, folks. Don't be shy. The jets are powerful and the water is warm. Plenty room for everybody. Amen. Oops. Oh, no. I went ahead and dropped an olive. Oh! Oh, ooh. There it is. Oh. I feel it. Sure do. Thank you, Gail. I forgot my swim trunks, so. You forgot to bring a set? Didn't bring a set. You didn't bring a set? Didn't bring a set. You didn't bring a set? I didn't brings no sets. You, even you didn't bring a set? I didn't bring a set. Don't worry. We got a whole bunch of extra swim trunks in the closet. So no fuckin' excuses, okay? I'd hammer a cock suckin' gin and tonic, that's all I know. Who wants to jump in the tub, or. can I offer somebody some fruit? Or maybe an oyster? Where is Wayne? Out having a dart, likely. Hm. Thought Wayne would love a good tub? Who wouldn't love a good tub? Well, he does. He just says that if you spend too much time in the water, you end up looking like a golden raisin. I think I just brushed up against a couple of golden raisins. Gail, oh, my. Scandal. Hmmm. Would anyone care to play a game? Has anybody ever played Never have I ever? Nevers. Never? Never ever. Not even once. It is a dandy little drinking game we picked up down 'Minican. We go down 'Minican twice a year, that's all I know. Still don't get down 'Minican enough, baby, that's true. Was down 'Pulco pertnear every winter 'til fellas started gettin' hanging from bridges with their dinks cut off. Crying shame because Sinatra used to have a place down 'Pulco. You know, JFK and Jackie O had their goddamn honeymoon down 'Pulco. But we picked up Never Have I Ever down in 'Minican. K. So, how it works is this. You say, Never have I ever done such and such a titillating and or embarrassing act and if you've done it, you drink it. Get it? Got it. I'll start. Fire away, baby. And make it randy. Oh, yeah. Uh, let's see, never have I ever made whoopee with more than one person at a time. We're going from zero to sixty I take it. Uh hm. Oh. Your turn, baby. All right. Never have I ever felt strong sexual urges towards another spouse, significant other or sibling. That's very specific. Hey, Wayne, how's your beer?. I'd have a beer. Katy, don't. Can you can bring me over one of them cocksuckers, that's what I always say. Buddy, I think we plateaued. What are you talking about, buddy? Like I'm not seein' any gains, bro. I've been free posing in front of the mirror at home. Maybe it's time we did a full circuit together, ferda. Ferda. Pose def. I think you're right, buddy. Yeah, I haven't seen any gains all year, bro. We gotta make some serious gains for next season, ferda. Capital gains, buddy. Coach has already texted sayin' how are the gains going, boys. Saying what? Saying, how are the gains going, boys. Can't let coach down, buddy. Not an option, bro. He'll send something flying. Scares the shit out of me, sometimes. Our gains have to eclipse general team gains, buddy. You wanna be the guy to walk into the room and none of the boys see gains? If gains fall in the forest and no one's around to see it, nobody really sees any gains. If you don't see gains, what do you see?. Excuses. We can't be those guys, buddy. No excuses, buddy. Clock's ticking, bro. Not a lot of time for gains, bro. Charlotte Gains, bro. No. We need a surge of gains, bro. Canseco, buddy. Sammy Sosa, buddy. At what cost, Buddy? What's the cost of juice, buddy? Maybe rip a quick half cycle. Maybe we just dig deep. Bare down. Or. Roger Clemens, buddy. Hey! What? AllStar pitcher, buddy. Tarnished reputation, buddy. Hey! What? Starting pitcher for the Toronto Blue Jays, buddy. Just a half cycle? Just a quick half cycle. Push through the plateau, kick start the muscle fibers, go cold turkey before the season starts, buddy. Cold turkey? Cold turkey. Au naturale. Au naturale. Naturale. Au naturale. Ferda. Ferda. Yeah, but wait! Where do we get the juice from, ferda? Oh, I think I know just the place, buddy. Tanis? How'r. .now? So where's this party at? Basement. Don't see your swim trunks. Didn't bring a set? No, I didn't bring a set. Well, inside they'll likely have a set. Didn't know I'd need that set. They'll get you a set. You know what the McMurrays are up to, right? I have an inkling. And you don't mind leaving your girl down there with them? She didn't make the trek. Reading? Can't confirm. Doesn't that make you think she up to something? Makes me think it's a pretty good book. Must be like. Carrie? Well, when the cat's away the mice will play. Hmm? The rats too, apparently. You're dirty, huh. All right, I'm gonna go home. I just came here for you, boo. You know we have a really big library on the Rez too, if you're into nerdy girls, I can show you my spine label, you can show me your hard cover. On a. How's your beer, big brother? I'd have a beer. So, tell me, how do you boys feel about havin' adventures? Well, I'm not against havin' adventures. Then how do you feel about trying new things? Well, like I always say, varieties is the spices of life. Mrs. McMurray and I couldn't agree more. That's all I know. In fact, the more you get to know us both, the more you realize that we're very broadminded. That's what I always say. Well, the other day, I tried cinnamon chewing gum for the first time. Huh. Well, it was a little bit spicy for my taste, I can't say that I didn't like it. Gotta love those spicy little cocksuckers, uh? Okay. Katy, how's your beer?. I'd love a beer. Oh, huh. Ah, I lost another one. Whoopsie daisy. Slippery little buggers. Oh! She's in the neighborhood. Maybe it's time to get going. Agreed. How do we do that? Guess what? DARYL AND. What? This may very well call for the Irish Goodbye. What's the Irish Goodbye? Well, that's when you leave without saying bye to anyone. Also known as the French Exit or Houdini. Thought the French Exit was when you climax on a gal, and you leave without cleaning it up. It's almost not worth thinking about, Dary. Technically, a French Exit is when you leave without paying the bill. But in this case, that is not applicable. Guess what?. What? This may very well call for the Turkish Takeoff. What's a Turkish Takeoff? That's when you pull a fire alarm and leave with a stranger. Guess what?. What? This very well may call for the old Tokyo Sayonara. What's Tokyo Sayonara? Well, that's when you leave and only say goodbye to the cat. Maybe this calls for. No!. What? Maybe this calls for the Letterkenny Leave. No! Letterkenny Leave? That's when you steal a twofour and walk through a sliding glass door. Well, desperate times. Desperate measures. I don't think we're there just yet. But, why not, let's continue to monitor the situation. Time for more mix. I'll get the colada mix, baby. Dart? I'd have a dart. Squirrely Dan. Waynes. Has it occurred to you that those two may be members of. Of the Lifestyle? Like the agricultural management lifestyle? Sure they are. No, Dan. The Lifestyle. Like the livestocks management lifestyle. Of course they are. No, Daniel. The Lifestyle. Oh, dairy farming lifestyle. You guys know they are. Squirrely Dan! Uhhmm? Uh, the Lifestyle? No, I'm not too sure what you're driving at here, big shooter. All righty. Who wants to play Pass the Banana? Well, well, well, my chemical bromance. Bro Thornton and Bro Jonas. We're in the market for some banned substances, buddy. Oh, and you've come to us. How flattering. We've got substances. And guess what? Newsflash, Bill the thrill O'Reilly. they're all banned. So what will it be, Geoff and Rus Courtnall. You know what a nose beer is? Booger sugar. .tini. The cola. No. No. Then what will it be, Wayne and Keith Primeau? You into sextaxcy? Rollsy pollsy's? The beans? The disco biscuits?. No. Do not tell me you've come here looking for pot. No, no, we're looking for some, uh. Juice. Huh? Sauce. Huh? Gear. Steroids. Ah! Abombs. Antihero. Gym candy. Why didn't you say so?. What the fuck? Jesus. Edibles. You're welcome. So, you wish to improve upon that form God gave you. Just a halfcycle, buddy. Ah, sweet hubris. Oh, what's that? Excessive pride, or self confidence. Arrogance. Pomposity. Egotism. One does not simply hop on or of the Anabolia Express. No. You ride that juice train all the way to the end of the line. Choochoo. No, we're just trying to push through a plateau, so. Need more Charlotte Gains, bro. Just a quick Serge of Gains, bro. Before the season starts, going cold turkey. Yeah, au naturale. Yeah. Famous last words, gentlemen Have you discussed side effects? What side effects? Oh, just a little dilemma known as severe back acne. Bacne? It's fine. And a little complication, acute testicular shrinkage. Testicle shrinkage? Nobody's testicles are going to shrinkage, buddy. Of course that can of worms known as 'roid rage. That actually happens, buddy. Almost to everyone, buddy. Pay the man. I mean, maybe we should just, you know. Dig deep, you know. Bare down. I mean, side effects, buddy. But you guys should be good. Yeah, we should be good. Should be good. Yeah? We should be good? I wouldn't worry. No. No, it should be good. For sure? If you want my honest opinion, you should be good. 'Cause if like you say we're good. You're good. Yeah? You should be good. Wheel, snipe, celly boys. Yeah, dirty fuckin' dangles, boys. Pay the man. Did I ever tell you about my friend, JuanJorge? No, I don't believes you haves. Well, JuanJorge is one of our closest and dearest friends. We met him and his wife down 'Minican. Mmhm. JuanJorge is a birdwatcher. Or a birder as they prefer to be called, these days. Hmm. Anyway, one day in a hot tub, not unlike this one, JuanJorge told first me about the common cuckoo bird. The cuckoo bird has a peculiar habit of laying its eggs in another bird's nest. Well, that is a peculiars habits. And it is from this peculiar habit, that we get the English term cuckold. Huh. Are you familiar with that term, Squirrely Dan? I believes I have heards in passings, yes. JuanJorge believes cuckoldry to be the purest and highest form of sexual arousal. This JuanJorge sounds like a real interestings fellas. Uhhmm. You better believe it, that's all I've got to say. Oh, you better believe it. In fact, according to JuanJorge only the sweet, sweet agony and pure psychological torment of watching a physically superior man pleasure his beloved wife is enough to truly excite him. Just look at this big ol' paw of yours, huh? Look at that cocksucker, baby. See, now most people think just about one fella sleeping with another's wife, but no, JuanJorge believes and explains in such an arrangement, that the real and true connection is in fact, between the bull. And the cuckoo bird, so to speak. Huh. Daryl, how's your beer?. Yeah, I could have a beer. Maybe it's time we pulls a Brexit. WAYNE, KATY AND. Shh. Guess what?. What? It very well maybe time to pull the Singapore Scram. What's a Singapore Scram? It's when you grab onto a rope wire and have a helicopter fly you out of there. Nobody's flying away anywhere, that's all I know. Hell, no. It's karaoke time. Over and out. What's on the menu this evening, my dear? I need my rits. Hmm. Burning the candle at both ends, are we? Finals are coming. I need my rits to study. Well, don't move. Darien. The Ritalin. Good luck on your exams. These aren't my rits. Come again? Anabolic steroids. Those are 'roids not 'rits. But that means. I need my rits. That means you sold the gym rats rits, not 'roids, you rapscallion. I need my rits not 'roids. Those were meant to be rits not 'roids. Yet, here we are, 'roids not rits. Uh hm. Rittidiculous. Oh, 'roidally. Rits! Locked and loaded, bro. Bring on the gains, boys. Capital gains, boys. Charlotte Gains, bro. A quick Serge of Gains, bro. Focus is? Traps and tri's buddy. Traps and tri's, bro. We should be ripping sand bell slammers. We should be ripping kettleball sumo deadlifts. We should be ripping standing Vbar pushdowns. We should be ripping cable hammer curls with rope attachment. We should be ripping close grip EZ bar curls with band. We should be ripping standing dumbbell reverse spider curls. We should be ripping two arm barbell wide grip preachers curls. Like Arnold, buddy. Uhhmmm. I don't know what's going on but I don't feel like ripping VBar tricep pushdowns. Maybe it's the half cycle, buddy. I know what you mean, buddy. Maybe we should rip a full cycle, buddy. Full cycle, buddy. Ferds. Uh, great. One more rip and then we rip super sets of standing sand bell tricep extendies. One more rip and we rip standing bicep stretchies. We should b ripping one arm cable curlies. We should be ripping advanced alternate air bike ab rollies. We should be ripping rollout incline heel touchies. We should be ripping bent press barbell side bendies. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. Judo flippies Russian cable twisties, ferda! Ferda. So if we rip ten super sets at a rate of ten or every fifteen minutes, that's. How many reps per super set, buddy? Twenty reps per super set. Make that 30. Done, buddy. Now double it. If we rip 60 reps per super set at a rate of 10 every 15 minutes, that means we'll need to rip sixteen and a half more halfcycles before the next season starts. Can't let coach down, buddy. Not an option, buddy. It's beautiful. We're gonna need a bigger blackboard. What's this, boys? Nothing, Snipes. Nothing, Snipes. Does Ritalin help get gains? Should we try it? Rits not 'roids, then? Those are rits. Not 'roids?. Rits not 'roids, boys. Maybe we should dig deep? Bare down. Natural gains, bro? A Serge of Natural Gains, bro. Au naturale. Au naturale. She's got the voice of an angel, doesn't she? Oh, it's catchy. Oof! Bravo! Bravo and brava. And then there were four. Oh, yeah. I have a few ground rules I'd like to cover. Pertaining to. Shoot. No open mouth kissing on the mouth. Pardon? Observed. Figging and cupping and light electroplay are all on the table. But I do have soft limits on K9 role play and mummification. Excuse me? Observed. No tushy play unless I ask for it and I will ask for it. What? Observed. Once we get started, it is recommended that you do not look me directly in the eye. Safe word. Huh? Close, Glen, but my safe word is uhunn. Once again? Uhunnn! Oh! Oh, my, you all are polyamorous. Bingo! Despite being in wedlock. Bullseye. Oh, that's a sin. I'm going to have to skedaddle. Tokyo Sayonara for me. Where's that kitty? Squirrely Dan. Uhhuh? So now do you see what we mean by the Lifestyle? Yup. Who'd have thought the McMurrays would've been the swinging type. I could have told you that before we got over there, bud. Nobody wouldsa thunk it. Pertnear, everyone in town thunk it. Why do you think Rosie stayed home to read? It must be a pretty good book. It must be like. The Boy at The Leafs Camp. They seem so normal. Do they? They walks among us. Undetecteds. Well, I say, live and let live. Oh, me too. Yeah. To each his and hers own. Am I right? Sure. But you wanna know what? It sure is nice to be back in the comfort zone. Hi, Rosie. . a little Crave and misbehave? Hard yes.Your gal has a cousin who's spun and she is no longer your hun. 'Cause you had to pop'em and boy did you drop 'em. Yeah, you did what had to be done. Came to you after having a bar fight. Felt like you got hit by a car, right? But your pal had your back, went on the attack, but it turned off his gal like a night light. That Godfearing sackofshit, Bradley, came in and he fucked up so badly, that your brother stepped in, which his gal calls a sin, but, I'd do the same fucking gladly. Well, you're not really sure as what went down. But you hears you look like a real clown. Your pal had a scrap like a real proper snap. And since he's been wearing a frown. Katie chose me over Jonesy, I don't like that he's all alonesy. But I'm getting laid, I don't hate that trade, I just wish that she had a clonesy. Katy cat dumped me for Reilly. It sucks, may put it dryly. He's getting laid, and I can live with that trade. It's just kinda tough to be smiley. Been hoovering bombers and rips, eating zoomers and taking mad dips. There's no end in sight, but I am on an apt flight, so fuck off with all your guilttrips! The Church said, No more to my teachings. Been filling the void with street preachings. I'm out in the rain, and I haven't seen Wayne. Us together is not too farreaching. Wayne knocked out Bradley, and I'll say, through that bullshit, Rosie won't stay. It sucks for me cause there's no guarantee I'll see either of them on my birthday. It's been two months since Rosie went packing. And sure, your love life has been lacking. But a friend backs a friend, and on that, you don't bend. She's onwards and upwards. Get cracking. Gail's birthday party tonight at MoDeans two. MoDeans two. MoDeans two. You want MoDeans two around over there, Wayne? MoDeans two must choring to do. How about a little bit of MoDeans togetherness? Now no needs to fight MoDeans tooth and nails over. Good thing I'm getting good at MoDeans tootin' out the negativity. Oh, quit MoDeans tooting your own horn there, Wayne. Why don't you quit being such a MoDeans tool over there, Daryl? All right, let's put this fight to the MoDeans tomb. Good. There's always MoDeans tomorrow. Well, MoDeans to be fair.  To be fairs, now it seems like you're doing all this work to distract yourself from feelings you don't wants to be dealing with. Get real. It's a lot of work, Wayne. Well, do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life. Stormy comes out of the barns yet? Hey, boys. Did you miss me? Anyone ever tell you what an asshole you look like? You're a complete fucking flop, bud. Pull your finger out of your ass, you fucking pipe fitter. I'd rather be watching a hobo jerk off. I think we'd be lucky a hobo jerk off right now. I'd rather watch a paper cut in slowmo. I'd rather be watching a tenman lemon party on an IMAX movie screen. Don't let grammy google that one. You know what, you'd be my grammy's soulmate, cupcake. You're bumfluff, buds. Sing a song or something. Do a trick. You're useless. What's your laundryfolding channel, hun? I bet you know exactly how many days it is until Christmas, don't you, bud? Wait! What? Go fuck yourself, you silly fucking buttcrusty. You're a Danish in a donut shop. You're a cup of baby carrots, you fucking asshole. Where's your kittypetting partner there, pussy? I don't even know what your name is, bud. My friend's name is Jonesy and my. Reilly, get in the house. Well. back to choring. Yeah, I do kind of wonder what that other nutsack's been up to. Who brought the rocket, boys? Those billet brother's a fucking rocket boys. Wanna watch me shoot for my point, bud? I got a stick he can handle. No penalty for hair pulling in this game. I'd check you from behind. Let's play dirty snipe. Let's muck it up. Different kind of headshots over here, bud. Don't need a Conky to enter my dark room, rocket. We love stick swinging, boys. How about a quick poke check? I love a good spear in the slot room. You like a long twig or a short twig? I'll show you an illegal curve. Lay some skin, Mark. Coming right up, Dax. I miss my buddy. I'll be your buddy. I'll be your buddy. What are we even doing here? How are you now?  Good. And you? Then tell it to your face. Okay. Sure is nice to have a break from choring. Thanks for the help. If it's good for the goose, it's good for the gander. Well, more hands make less work. Yeah, but, it's a lot of work, Wayne. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. So, Stormy wouldn't come out of the barn this morning to eat her breakfast. Wouldn't even touch it till I moved inside. You should try to mix some Vitamin D in there too, because likely she hasn't been getting enough from the sunlight. Naturally, and what not. Well, like that's what I think a vet would say. Yeah, I really do feel like the vet might say that. You know the only other dog Stormy's ever taken to is Rosie's stud Seado. Now, he is such a good boy. Oh, he's a good boy. Who's a good boy? Yes, he is such a boy. Well, then do it for Stormy. She's such a good girl. Oh, what a good girl. Who's a good girl? Yeah, she is such a little girlie. Plus, Stormy and Seado did have the most beautiful litter we've ever had. Who's a good little puppy? Who's a little puppy? So little. Where's her belly? That little puppy. Now who wants a little itchings and a scratchings? You're just a little puppy with your little belly. I see you, little puppy. Who wants the scratches on their bellies? You wants the scratches on their bellies. Who likes a little itchings and scratchings behind their ears? So, it's settled. I'll give Rosie a call, tell her to bring over Seado. Hard no. Too busy. Back to choring. No! Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. How're you doing, buddy? I'm good. Good. You look kind of bummed, buddy. Yeah. Kind of bummed, buddy? No, I'm just a bit lonely. But, I'm good, bro. You know, I'm so good, it's good. Yeah, totally. Yeah, good, dude. You know, I'm. I'm kinda bummed too. Yeah? It's just. Katy's always making me do stuff for her, and she's never hanging out with me. She's really busy, helping Wayne doing his stuff, and it's like. I'm good though. Dude, I'm also so good, bro. I'm so good. I'm so sick, bro! Bro! I'm super good! Good, bro! I'm so good. I am, dude. I'm having the best time. Having the best time. Ever. Nothing's wrong in my life. Best times. You good? Hey, Adam and Steve.  Stewart! I always support you. This is our place to dance. To disco. To get dirty. I'm not here to dance, heathen. Unless, well. Unless you ask me to, Roald. I'm here to street preach. After the church of spiritual humanism. Isn't it church of human spiritualism? No, isn't it the church of humanly spiritualists? The church of spiritual humanism formerly the church of spiritual humanism's science. Totally. Totally. After the church of spiritual humanism no longer required me to serve him under their roof, budget cuts, you know how that goes, I asked him to guide me to where I was needed. Him guided me to here. Rips. Rips? Ripsy do! Rips around a religious person? It's weird. Glen, this is where we do rips. Stewart, this is where I do revelations. What are you guys doing? Like we go to the gym and do reps? This is the area for rips. We just want to do reps. But we could all do revelations. We don't want to do revelations. Just reps. Want rips? No rips. Just reps. What about reps and revelations? Just reps! We cannot do rips and revelations. There will be no rips done in his presence! However, I can envision the scenario in which I'm doing revelations and you two are doing reps, and I'm watching, and I like it. Just reps! Just reps! Rips. Reps! Revelations! Rips! Reps! Revelations! Rips! Reps! Revelation! Hey!. Bonnie McMurray! I called the cops. Rips! Reps? Reps? Revelations. How are you now? Good, and you? Then, tell that to your face. You know, he's a shorthaired dog. You don't need to brush him twice a day. You know, you don't need to watch me brush him twice a day. Get a hobby. Get a kite. You know what? Take a fucking break from choring. It's a lot of work, Wayne. Well, do what you love, and you'll never work another day in your life. Come on, Gus. He is such a good boy. That's just what he is. If you never had to work another day in your life, what do you think you'd be doing?. That's a very good question, Derry. What would you do if you never had to work another day in your life? Well, pull on it, likely. I was just thinking, I'd have plenty of times for batching. We'd have so much time for mixing a batch. I'd mix a hardy batch. If I never had to work another day in my life, I'd be wailing on it. Or just hammering on it. It'd be like I was back in high school. beat my bread like it owes me money. I'd mix more bats than Betty Crockers. Play more horn than a trombone player. You know, I used to have pole position in many a fivefinger race. I've handled some shower stinkys. Beats sitting around scratching crotch all day. Or bust like Humpty Dumpty. I'd carry bigger wads than Tony Soprano. You know, we've been out weighing chores so much, I can't remember the last time I leaned into one. Yeah. Say, is there matinee game on, no?. What sport?. I don't know. Ball. Yes. Yes, I do believe there's a game this afternoon. You see that movie Get Out yet? Twice. Good fucking movie. Did you hear they're making a Canadian version? No. Called Get out. Happy birthday, Gail. Thanks, Katy cat. Rosie, how are you now? Good, and you? Tell that to your face. Okay. What's cooking, goodlookin'? Stormy. She won't leave the barn. I heard. Seado hasn't been himself either. Dogs, am I right? It's a lot of work. Do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life. Say, what would you do if you never had to work a day in your life? Read. I think I'll go do that now. Happy birthday, cousin. Bye, Katy. I'll tell you what I'd do. Shauna Gastonbrew? That, and. No, I meant for me. I'd diddle my skittle Oh? Till she spittles. For fuck's sakes. I'd flick my bean like a rousing game of . for sexy results. I don't doubt it. I mean it. You haven't seen a climax like this since Karate Kid crane kick. Bye, Gail. I've wet more skin than a public pool. I've reached more peak than a sherpa. So you sure you don't wanna come with us to Gail's birthday party there, big sugar? Too much choring to do. See the wet wheel out of here. What's the frequency there, Kenneth? Stormy got a finger in the bum. Was it a. Twoknuckler. Like a horizontal knuckler? Hard no. That means that a twoknuckler. Can confirm. A person has two knuckles, okay? One, two. It's not knuckle. I asked. I asked the vet if that sort of person has two knuckles per finger. One, two. Okay? It's clinical. So, I don't wanna hear another word about it. Fuck. Fair enough, good buddy. That might be something. What? Firing knuckles up animals bums all day. What do you mean? Well. that could be a lot of work. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. Wayne, how are you now? Good, and you? Then, tell. Tell that to your face. Yes, Katy, it's really funny how you keep saying that. What's the deal with Stormy? Physically, she's in ship shape. She's chiseled out of stone. The vet says that she's the healthiest German Shepherd she's ever seen. Vet like Shepherds. Oh, the vet love Shepherds. Shepherds are fucking lovable. So then, what's the problem? Vet said she might be depressed. Dogs get depressed? Get real! Well, then, you and Stormy make a fine pair of poopy pants then. Fly a kite, Katy. The only difference is that Stormy can't talk. I bet if she could talk, then she would tell us what's wrong so we could do something to fix it. You can talk. And it would be wise for you to use that luxury to tell the appropriate parties what's wrong so we can do something to fix it. Just some food for thought there, poopy pants. Hey, Seth. Hey, Seth! Fuck a duck. Super. You brought the fucking rocket, boys? Those Billet brothers are fucking rocket, boys? Let's play a little twoonone scheme. I'll play left, he'll play right, you fit in the middle. Ride the pine, we'll change onthefly. Let's find your neutral zones. I'd love to backcheck you, bud. It's a buttending clinic over here, boys. You make my stick hot. Get it? Come penetrate the slot, mister. You a good Dman? Sure, you're a good D. Man. Why don't you go up and lay me some of that skin, honey? Coming right up, Daxie. I miss my buddy. I'll be your buddy. I'll be your buddy. What're we even doing here? How are you now? Hail the Lord casteth Satan from the dollar storeth parking lot! And the Lord showedeth Satan no mercy. And the Lord casteth Satan into the deaths of the bowels of the pits of hell. Gentlemen. How goeth your revelations, Glen? Divine, Stewart. How goeth your rips? Celestial. There's no place for rips among revelations! Revelations haveth no place among rips! Then I believe we haveth our conclusion. That we doeth. Battle blitzkrieg. Conflict. Crash! Havoc! Hostility! War! War! How are you now? How are you now? Well, good, and you? Well, good, and you? Then tell that to your face. Then tell that to your face. What about Stormy? Not so good. Seado's been a pile, too. He's such a good boy. Yes, he is such a boy. You knocked out my cousin. My loyalty to my family will not be compromised. Your cousin knocked out my friends. My loyalty to them will not be compromised. Good enough. We're here for the dogs. Okay. Pitter patter. Bless her. Bradley? I'm at my second favorite cousin's birthday party and I don't see my favorite cousin or her dude, Wayne. Where you at? We're at Wayne's. Put me on speaker phone. Yo, Wayne. Bradley. This ain't Biggie and Pac. Nobody dead, nobody dying. I knocked out Wayne's friends, you knocked me out. We squared off and did it the right way. There's got to be a winner, there's got to be a loser. Yo, Wayne, I couldn't do it the night up on account of being unconscious and shit. Good, scrap, my dude. Yeah, that was a pretty good scrap. Last time I checked, that's how shit gets done. You got a problem you can't solve with words, you throw hands. After that, it's finished. I got no problems with you, Wayne. I got no problem with you, Bradley. Actually, I got a lot of time for dudes like you. Good ol' boys are a dying breed. Good ol' boys gotta keep the good ol' boys that are alive. I agree. Good ol' boys are a dying breed. And you're funniest fucking guy I know, Bradley. I mean, seriously. What say, you two quit being fools this damn minute? Ain't got no time to waste on this planet. That's what's up. You know, the Little Bones game is tied over there right now. That's what's up. That's what's up. That's what's up. You're damn right, that's what's up. Now, get your asses down to my second favorite cousin's birthday party. Okay, everybody, and who wants a big happy birthday together!. Happy birthday to Gail! Whoo! Yeah. Relationships, it's a lot of work. Do what you love. And you'll never work a day in your life. Got a bit banged up after work the other day. Did you get that stump out of the ground today? I already told you. Dary and I are doing it Friday. You never told me that. Did too. You gotta tell her more than once. She's a woman, not a robot. In all fairness, Dary, that's a twoway street. You know what Dad would say. Plant the corn. Get her goin'. So, how are you gonna do it? Well, Questions McGarrity over here, we chain it up and yank it out like a loose tooth. So, what are you gonna chain it up to? My van. Won't do. Why? 'Cause that might be a little too punk rock, Dary. What's wrong with my van? More than a coat of paint. Go on. More than two coats of paint. Get after it. Rear end differential. Front end differential. Alternator. Battery. Doesn't matter. She'll perform. Well, fucking measure twice, cut once then, bud. You said yesterday, it could win a demolition derby. No I never. I said yesterday it was fit for a demolition derby. No you never. Ain't no reason to get excited. It's not what you said. You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to you. You know what, there's two things I don't like about you, and it's your face. There's one thing you're not gonna like about your own face. That's when I come over there and give it the beats. You boys ever had a peanut butter sandwich? You're one end. You're the other end. Stick you's together and you're just stuck. Really scraping the bottom of the yoghurt cup for that nugget of wisdom, aren't you? You appreciate my metaphors, Katy. That's what I appreciate about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Stake about five to 10% offer over there squarely down. Yeah. No. Huh? So any other insights for us? Uh. Heck! You wouldn't mind a quick heads up from a fella who's about to steam press his Calvins. And that's your lesson for today, folks, farts always win. That right there was an air biscuit. That was a real ass flapper, if I do say so, myself. Some fine colon bowling. Some real rectal turbulence. Wayne, you gonna weigh in on this? Well there's nothing better than a fart. Except kids falling off bikes maybe. Fuck, I could watch kids fall off bikes all day. I don't give a shit about your kids. I wish Gail could hear that fart. I've got a couple pals who'd appreciates it too. Wouldn't it be kinda neat if you could like, catalog your farts? What for? Well, I feel like if other people could hear that crack splitter it could have a positive impact on their lives. That may be the nicest thing everybody has ever said about me. You should be able to keep track of and record your farts. And your friends' farts. Like Facebook? Exactly like a Facebook. Just like. Fartbook. Step one, we got to builds us a website. How are we gonna fuck that pig? I guess we gots to calls up the internets. Oh, yeah? You got a phone number for the internet, Dan? Well, I'm pretty sure they added me on Skypes a while back, I mean, I gots to check my emails. Outstanding. Well, I have an idea, it's gonna chap a few asses but, there's a fella we know right here in town who can builds us a websites so we don't even have to calls up the internets, you know. Skip that middle man. Right, we'll skip the middle man. Who is. The internet. Who is it, Dan? Um, Stewart. Hard no. You gots a better idea? Better than going into business with a meth head? One or two. Now hold your good goddamn horses here, let's put it to a vote, those for. Those against. Get real. Then she's bought and paid for. Two against one. So, driving Pete's family's out of town, he had a bit of a Texas Hold'em Tournament. And I went over there with my secondcousins. Who, Garrett? And Jarrett. Well, Pete gets all liquored up. Long story short, me and the cousins, just standing there in the kitchen having a beer watching Pete hang a piss down his own basement stairs. Then he turns the cock on himself, pisses all over his goddamn chest. Then he falls down his own pisssoaked stairs. What are you gonna do? It's like, Hey, it's your fucking house! But also, Fuck! It's your house. So it's Facebook. But for farts? That's right. Cartoonish. We're in. But, drop the The. Just, Fartbook. It's cleaner. There was never a The. And we want 30%. Of what? Amateurs. Money, generated from the site! We are not gonna be making any money off the site. Yes, we will. Once we get enough members playing the butt trumpet, we will sell ad space and make a fortune. Now, let's talk about marketing. Who should we target to buy ad space on Fartbook? Indian food. Greek food. Asian noodle soups. What about ring tones? Instead of putting your phone on silent, you put in on silent. But deadly. You are an idiot. He's a. Wait. You're an idiot. Is geostamping farts a good idea? Of course it is. Popcorn, fart location, movie theater. That's information I's wants to know! No. Why not? 'Cause it's too complicated. It's like algebra. Why you gotta put numbers and letters together? Why can't you just go fuck yourself? The kids will fucking love that shit. Yeah, you know what else kids love, keys. Dangling in front of their faces. They fucking love it. Fine. No ads then. Shake on 30%. Anything down the road will be negotiated in good faith. Beggars can't be choosers. Meritorious! Give us.24 hours. Eduardo. We're ranking farts. I need the algorithm. I need the algorithm. How are you now? Hey. Not too bad. Good, and you? Huh? Oh. Gentlemen. Fartbook. I don't. I. I just. What's wrong with you? Seeing it all come together. Sort yourself out. Here's what we've done. I am, at this point, the only member of Fartbook. Each member will be able to upload three farts. Each member will post a picture to their farts. Members will then be allowed to friend request each other and accumulate audiences for their farts. For example. My profile. Wanna know, that's. That's mint. Like the. Little bull snort there in the middle there, Stewart. I really like the placement of the fizzler at the end. Thank you. Now, shall we sign one of you up? Oh! Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Daryl. Oh, fuck. Shit. Cunt. Fuck. Wait a sec. Can I go eat a can of Chef Boyardee? Oh! No times. I can farts on command. Okay? Mmmmmm. Ready. Ahem, I recommend recording through a professional studio mic but the internal computer mic will work for now. Okay, Dan. Ready? Go. Oh, very nice. Boy howdy. Onto the second one. Go. That was a winner. Really nice work, Dan. Really nice work, Dan. Fuck, is this awkward. Onto number three. No, no, no. I can do better. I wants to go again. No, I think you should keep it. No one likes a fart that sounds too staged. Do you wanna know what? He's right. Like that person who just happens to have burst out laughing in every group photo they're in? Like the camera just happened to catch that magic moment in every single one. That like, Say cheese. You're not fooling me, bud. Nope. If you think, if you think it's a good idea. It's a good spread there. Like. It's a good spread. I suggest we, um, send it out to a test audience, before it goes live. Um. Get some feedback. Iron out the bugs. Suggestions? Gail. Duh. What about the Ginger? Mmm. What about Boots? Oh, mmm, the Ginger. You guys. Ever heard anything about that guy fucking an ostrich? I heard it was Boots who fucked the ostrich. No. The Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. Let's see. It'd take more than one guy to fuck an ostrich. You think they were both there? Like, Boots held down the ostrich?. I suppose. If you really wanted to get to the bottom of it. We could find someone, someone who farms ostriches. Who might know how they get fucked. I don't think we need to invite them, though. We should get the hockey players in on this. Those dgens would lap this right up. Maybe get Glen. Get the Christians on board. Agreed. And we should also get Katy into the fracas. I'll talk to her. The fuck you will. Wondrous. You talk to her, then. We reconvene back here in 24 hours. Yeah. Oh, yes. Go. Hey, has Katy liked any of your farts on Fartbook? No, you? Huh. No. Huh. We got a problem. We need to talk to Gail. Gail. How are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Gail, we've summoned you here today to talk about your Fartbook profile. Okay. Let's listen. Everything about that so right. Wrong. You've attached messages to each of your farts. For example, send this fart to ten people or you will have bad sex for the rest of your life. But see, I had just got that message from someone else. So it's like, if I didn't send it, then I'd be stuck having bad shaboink forever. And I enjoy a horizontal refreshment for my vertical smile too goddamn much to take that risk. It's called spamming, Gail. Never heard it called that. Heard it called spunking one or two times. No. Sending annoying messages to people who have not requested it is called spamming. Okay. And it's annoying. No. No. No. Yes. Yes. If you continue to misuse Fartbook, we'll have to suspend your membership. Suspend my membership? Why don't you suspend my fist in your ass, you little fuck. If you ever threaten me like that again, I'll spread your cheeks and I'll feed you a Kentucky Klondike Bar, you little twat. I'll drop an Alabama Hot Pocket in your deuce maker, Charlie. I'll fuckin' land shark your shit house so fast you'll be crying for your mother, you fucking asshole. Fuck you, Stewart. You drop deuces in every orifice of your body, you fuckhead! Tear you into a PopTart!. And then I will. We've got another problem. Where's Katy? What?. Katy. We've summoned you here today to talk about your Fartbook profile. Super. Let's listen. Problem? Those are cat farts. Right. You've got a picture of your cat under each of your farts. It's not my cat. It's just a barn cat. I seen a coon having sex with a barn cat on top of my truck one time, fuck. What's the nature of that, David Suzuki? No one cares about your cat's farts. But look how cute they are. Not to be impolite, but you're the only one who thinks so. Everybody whose got a cat or a kid, is going to think their cat's or kid's farts are super special and unique. They're not. They are just a cat or a kid fart. In addition, you've been updating new farts from your cat almost hourly. Oh, that's because there's so many cute farts. Like I can't even keep up. (HIPHOP MUSIC PLAYING). Katy! What is this fucking gong show? We're supposed to be napping right now, boys. What? We are at home. In the middle of a 'Chel tournament with big dingers in. When we see you've been liking all this duster's farts on Fartbook. And none of this beauty's farts. And not one of this grain fed, USDA certified, 100% nonanimal tested, organic beauty. Not one. You're welcome. Thanks, buddy. So? So he's gonna think you wanna fucking wheel him. He's gonna think that you wanna turn on the jets. Because I like his farts? Yes. I'm just pushing a button. It doesn't mean anything. What the fuck are you looking at, you fuckin' pilon? Fucking vampire. Pipe down, idiots. Get in the house. Now. I'm gonna get you, you fuckin' pheasant! We're comin' phezzy! Guys. Boy, you're havin' quite a day, Superchief. We've got another problem. Where's Glen? Daryl, Rage Monkeys. Daniel. Wayne. We've summoned you here today to talk to you about your Fartbook profile. Allonsy. You have no photos and no farts but are friends with everyone along for the test drive. Hmm. I'm not friends with everyone. I'm not friends with Wayne yet. But I wanna be. It seems as though you were just cruising through Fartbook liking and commenting on everyone's farts but contributing nothing yourself. Nothing. I am as God made me. Blessed with a very healthy gastrointestinal system. Not super farty. What you're doing is called creeping. Not what Fartbook is all about. I genuinely enjoy farts. You can't just go around creeping other people's farts. What the truck is wrong with that? If you continue to misuse Fartbook, we'll have to suspend your membership. Fine. Fine. Fluff you then. I have millions. And I mean, millions of ways of hearing unlimited farts. We're done here, Glen. Are we though? Are we? I think we should pump the brakes on Fartbook. That's a Texassize 104. Why? It's kicking up too much dust. We haven't even gotten into it and already folks are gettin' chapped asses. Well, that's their problem. Not ours. This is our problem. We started Fartbook so that good folks could share farts with other good folks. That's it. Not to creepin' farts, or spam farts. Although, if you eat spam, you'll get good farts. Farts should never come between the love of a man and a woman. It's not right. You don't get to 500 million farts without making a few sharts. Exactly. So, what are you saying? Fartbook dies today. Today, Fartbook is dead. Oh. You think so? I'm with the fellas on this one. It's not why we invented it. You invented it? Our idea. We built the site. You know, you really don't need a forensics team to get to the bottom of this. If you were the inventors of Fartbook, you'd have invented Fartbook. Hold your horses there. Let's put this to a vote. Those for closing down Fartbook, raise your hands. Those against? But we own 30 percent. This isn't fair! If you want to sit on our backs and call yourselves tall, you have every right to do so. But don't think that we're gonna sit here and enjoy listening to you lie. You have a bit of our attention, you have the smallest bit of our attention. When did we ask for your attention? The rest of our attention is back at the offices of Fartbook, where my friends and I are doing things that no one on this farm, especially and including you idiots, are intellectually, creatively, artistically, emotionally, or spiritually capable of doing. Have I adequately answered your condescending question? What question?. Farts! You better lawyer up, asshole, because I'm not coming back for 30 percent, I'm coming back for everything. I. I don't know what happened just now. No. No. You know, I've been thinking about Fartbook. What about it, bigshits?. I think maybe we pulled the cord too quick on that, you parachute. I miss it too, threepoint shoes. I was on there a lot. Too much, likely. I was always checking it. It was very addicting. Except, did you ever really stop to think about one thing, did you? Rippin' farts into your computer doesn't exactly spike the likelihood of having sex with girls. Hey! Hey! Hey! Not now. Need 20 minutes. Okay. Just wanted to let you know that Glen stole our website. It's been live for more than 36 hours. Hey! Hey! Fuck it!.  Oh! Fuck's sake. Jesus! Fucking sort yourselves out. Cheese and rice. I can't remember the last time five men came in this church so aggressively. Or can I? You stole our idea. Hmm. Are you referring to Christian Fart Mingle? What's that? It's like Christian Mingle, but for farts. We asked your help with our idea and you went behind our backs and stole'd it. I didn't. Excuse. Oh, my God. Those are some hairy allegations you are firing, at my face. All your allegations. All of them, completely fricken' false. Baseless. How? Stewart, I did not steal anything. Because the last time I checked, taking advantage of a growing trend was not stealing. What trend? I'll tell you. But first, let's sing a hymn. No. No. Fine. Look, y'all had a good idea, all right? You had a terrific idea. Congratulations. But did you actually think you were the only ones in the world to have it? What are you talking about? I'm talking about Fart culture, Stewart. It's all the rage. It's everywhere. You know. Nothing. Glen will show you. Ever heard of Plenty of Farts? I've heard of Plenty of Fish. It's very much like that, except for farts. Here. Here's the one I like the best. It's called Fart Filter. And I like it because you can put different filters on all of your farts and it's fun. So, yeah, I'll just show you how it works. This one, no filter. Nothing. Who cares? Not Glen, right? Vanilla. Pedestrian. I'm not interested. However, shove that baby through the Hudson filter. What's she gonna sound like? Now there's a renovation. Now suck on your Sutro filter. Now boys, because I'm feeling generous, and we're in the Lord's house, I'm gonna play you the filter that I invented myself. I call it. Valencia. Wow. There is a whole site devoted to glutenfree farts. The point is, it's out there, boys. It's happened. The idea lives in the world. Y'all are too slow. Slow on the uptake. Sad story. Boohoo. Toottoot! Go away. Let's go. Sad face, sad face, angry face. Better slow down there, Bigshoots. Tomorrow's gonna be a great day for hay. If you can be a man at night, you can be a man in the morning. Wayne, how come you didn't join Fartbook? 'Cause you're not supposed to fart in front of girls. What? There's certain things that should stay sacred between a man and a woman. So, all things considered, this whole thing's pretty fucking juvenile, if I do say so myself. If she's always listening to your ass acoustics, or even worse, smellin' 'em, I guarantee she'll be slower and slower to crawl into bed with you at night. What you just said is outrageous. No it isn't. It's true. I don't wanna be smelling a dude's ass all the time. Get real. What are you? Some kind of fart purist? So what are you supposed to do? Just hold it in? Or take a shit, you fuckin' degenerate. Speaking of shit, my second cousin's got IBS. Who, Garrett? No, Jarett. No. IBS, the International Business Solution? IBS stands for Irritable Bowel Syndromes. Anyhoo, when he was a kid, Jackass comes out on the air, so it becomes real popular in his high school, for kids to start taking shits in places what weren't meant for taking shits in. They calls that guerrilla shittin'. Is this a true story? So, he became real popular with his friends, with his ability to take a shits any time he needed to. They'd call him up when they get an idea of a place that needed a shits taken in, and be like, Hey, why don't you comes over here and takes a shits? Anyhow, this one time his pal texts him up, and he says, Hey, why don't you come take a shits in the girls' bathroom? So, he drinks a coffee, eats a bran muffin, heads on down to the washroom there, but when he opens the bathroom door, what does he find? But this pretty young girl just dropping a shits, right there in the middle of the bathroom floor. And that's how he met his lovely Eunice. And they fells in love, and they've been together ever since. They raised three little shits. So. With all due respect, Miss Katy, there is a market for gentlemens what can find ladies who like, uh, farts, or shits, or even guerrilla shittin's. That is not a true story. That is a true story. God help us all. You know what, I don't know why you guys need everybody knowing your business anyway. Like why you gotta put everything on the internet, while you're doing it, or after you're done doing it? Well, if you don't puts it on the internet, how's gonna people know what you did? Do you wanna know what? That's your problem right there. Should be playing your cards close to your chest. Keep the ladies guessin' a little bit. Be the mystery man. Right again. Oh, if a woman's not gonna love me for my farts or for me posting my bowling scores on the internet. Not really sure I want one. Well, then it's a good thing you's two have each other. You heard a couple nut sacks talkin' about hockey the other day. This kid. Kid is a fuckin' stud. Kid's a fuckin' beauty. Fuckin' look at this kid. Fuckin' love this kid. Kid lights lamp. Hashtag lamp life. Eat, sleep, lamp. Don't give him too much space, buddy. He'll dangle. He'll dangle all the fuckin' way to outer space. Suck some Martian titties up there, boys. Just getting super sloppy all over our space dinks. Silky mittens, top tittens. Ferda boys. Ferda! Ferda! Big roadie to the big city this weekend, Schmelt. Do you know what that means? Um. Suckin' city titty, idiot. Suckin' all that big city titty, idiot. All up that big city slam piece. Big city slams, idiot. Big city billet moms. Big city billet sisters. Let's get our dinks sucked on, boys. Yes. Hey, how's school going, Schmelt? It's going. Just kidding. We don't give a fuck. Get our pops, Schmelt. Big city slams, Schmelt. How are ya now? Not so bad. Good and you? Not too bad. Have you shit yourself? You look like you've got an awkward boner. Don't. Don't what? Dan? Did you know that Daryl used to get boners every morning in grade nine during O Canada? No shit. Yep. Just could not get through O Canada without getting a boner. Give a young man 30 idle seconds and he's gonna get a boner. We talked about this. Is there something you want to talk about now? Well, pitter patter, let's get at 'er. Well, I was wondering if this year we could skip the birthday party? Skip your super soft birthday party? Are you fuckin' high? Hard no. Daryl's super soft birthday party? Every year, Daryl's mom used to throw him these birthday parties when he was a kid. Softest birthday party on planet Earth. Boy band karaoke, cupcake decoration station, charcuterie. One year, his mom had him a Make the world a better place party. One year they dressed a horse up like a unicorn and he was never really the same after that. It's not funny. I used to take a lot of teasing in school for those. Aw, should I get you a tissue, Sally? No, he'll have one in his purse. Or maybe his clutch. Party's happening, Daryl. You don't fuck with tradition. So. The agenda. After your dust up over the weekend, safe to assume you're fighting again? Corect. Tenfour, good buddy. Well, it's gonna be a busy week 'cause there's a few guys walking around town claiming to be the toughest guys in Letterkenny. I'm the toughest guy in Letterkenny. You were the toughest guy in Letterkenny. It's been some time. Now, it's safe to assume that that title is as important to you now as it was then? Does a duck with a boner drag weeds? Tenfour, good buddy! Then it's safe to assume that the challengers will be coming up around the farm, as that is how you've conducted business in the past. Well, I was never one for an audience. All right, let's talk about the challengers. First up, we've got Sled Ted. Why's he called Sled Ted? Well, he likes fixin' sleds, and ridin' sleds, and talkin' about sleds. He just really likes sleddin', boys. Uh, he beat up a guy named Basic Jay. Why's he called Basic Jay? 'Cause he's a fuckin' basic. And now he thinks he's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. After that, we got Rat Ass. Why's he called Rat Ass? 'Cause he's got a hairy ass like a rat. Can confirm. He beat up a guy named Brains. See, his name's Brian but he spelt it Brain in the computer at bowling one time. It just kinda stuck. Now he thinks he's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. And after that, we got Joint Boy. Because he smokes lots of joints, Dairy. Well, just plucking the low hanging fruit is what that is. I've seen that guy take on four bouncers at the rippers one time. He is otherworldly. Got a dome on him like an Easter Island statue. Is he single? Not that it matters, I guess. Look, keep it at the end of the lane way. No degens on the property. That's a Texas size 104. Over and out. Well, this is annoying. The fuck are they doin' out there? They're scared of you. This snipe is a fuckin' sniper. Snipe's a fuckin' beauty. Fuckin' look at this snipe. Fuckin' love this snipe. We're snipe selling, boys. Dirty fucking dangles, boys. You're a sniper. You're a snipe. You're a skirt, you pansy. If you make me walk up the lane way again, we're having babies. Put it out! Put it out! Put it out! Fuck! Fuck! Those boys need to give their balls a tug. Maybe, check, make sure they're still attached right quick. I'd rather put a mirror down there and see what's what. One time, my cousin. He tore open his ball sack trying to do a skateboard trick and he had to show it to his mum. Was it his scrotal sack? Well, you know. That dangly piece of flesh, what hangs down behind the penis. Scrotal sack. The nut sack. So, he tore his ball sack open trying to do a skateboard trick and he's gots to show it to his mum because apparently one of his testicles was showing. Was it the right one or the left one? Why is that of importance? Well, because the left one has more sperm in it. Spermatozoa is what it's called. Tell you what, if I ripped open my ball sack trying to do a skateboard trick, I'd be more worried about seeing my vas deferens. Well, you'd have to tear your ball sack pretty near wide open doing a skateboard trick if you wanted to see your own vas deferens. I'm not sure I wanna see my own vas deferens I think if I saw my own vas deferens, I'd be quite worried. I'd be most worried if I tore my ball sack open trying to do a skateboard trick if I could see my accessory glands. Well, you don't want to go too kooky with accessories on your truck. Or your jeep. It's okay with like, a quad, though, like my buddy Big T's got a snorkel kit on his and that's pretty punk rock. What's an accessory gland? Well, if your vas deferens is your sperm ducts, the accessory glands is what supplies lubricant to the sperm duct. I think if I ripped open my ball sack trying to do a skateboard trick, I'd be most worried about seeing my seminal vesicles. Oh, like the Florida State seminal vesicles? Like the sack that hangs behind your vas deferens and contains fructose which is energy for the sperm. Yeah, it's like when you go in the city there and they got them charge stations for the people that drive the electric cars. That's pretty much your seminal vesticles. I thought it was pretty funny when I said Florida State seminal vesicles and nobody laughed. Hello. Okay. End of the lane way. Don't come up the property. Good. Sled Ted's here. Geez, Basic Jay must have been a shit fighter to lose to that asshat. I've known Basic Jay to be a pretty tough dude. He's not really a fuckin' basic. Guess he could have had a cold. Or the flu. Sled Ted had Bigfoot hands. Yeah, he's a big grimy brute. Shit fighter, though. Do you guys remember the fragrance Brut? Or Actif Brut? Yeah. Yeah, they still make that. I always enjoyed that fragrance. You can use it to dry up zits too. Did you know you can use shaving cream to get permanent marker off your hands? Why wouldn't you just dip your hands in the parts cleaner? Well, most people don't have a parts cleaner. Well, most likely Rat Ass will be your next dude. I hear that he is a greaser. Can confirm. So fuckin' greasy I almost don't want to. I saw him with his shirt off, swimming at the gravel pit not that long ago. His back acne was extraordinary. Well, like, extraordinary how? Well, like, I thought about it for a while after is all. Well, elaborate, 'cause I'm likely gonna have to touch it. Well, like how it was cultivated. Well, by not showering likely. Likely. Did you know that men can wear the fragrance CK ONE as well as women? Yeah. Yeah. That's 'cause it's an unisex fragrance. It says that right on the bottle. But would ya? Oh, negative. Me neither. Would you wear Gap Dream?. No! No, no, Dairy, that's for girls. Dairy, that's for girls. You can't walk around smelling like pretty girls. You're not wearing it right now, are you? Cologne is too expensive. I just use sunscreen. Banana Boat. Let's get into some of those fuckin' all dressed chips. Jesus, Katy, put some fuckin' clothes on. Not my forte. Unfortunate. Hey, neighbor said he's not gonna give us a horse this year. What? Well, he said that last year we returned him and his breath smelled like alcohol. Well, it was probably mine. You could have lit my breath on fire the next day. Horse was half cut though. He said that he's gonna give us a donkey. Nope. Might be funny. Gotta be a horse. You don't fuck with tradition. You're really gonna pump the brakes on a donkey dressed up like a unicorn? Oh, I'm stompin' the brakes. You put that idea right through the fuckin' windshield. But it's a donkey dressed up like a unicorn. Katy! Well, it's better than a kick in the pants. Do you want this to be the softest birthday party ever or not? I want this just as much as you do. Well, then find us a horse. Please and thank you. And don't stay out in the sun too long. Your skin will look like an old saddle bag. Yeah. Hello. Okay. End of the lane way. Don't come up the property. Good. Rat Ass is here. Keep it standing. This goes to the ground, we stand up. Okay. This goes to a clinch, we separate. Great. Let's go! All right. So, hit me. Fight him or shut the fuck up. I'll give you a free one. What the fuck is this? Let's fuckin' do this. Just fuckin' square off. Hey! He's pulling hair, he's pulling hair. Break 'em up, break 'em up. Come on, come on!. I'm gonna clock this shitty wolverine. Hit me. Come on. I love pain. Look at the execution, boys. Look at the hustle, boys. Ding. You guys made the liquor run, right? I was Donny Drives the car. I was Nicki Navigates. But, uh. We couldn't find a lot of the stuff on the list. Yeah. Like what? Uh, well. Uh, there's ingredients that I don't think you can get in Letterkenny. Yeah. So, go to the city. Yeah, but we got practice in a couple of hours. We're gonna crush a couple sandos before, too. Grab some nappies, maybe? We haven't had our pregame naps either. Nappies are nappies. Ferda. Ferda. Well, we need everything on the list. So, what drinks do you need ingredients for? Uh, Corebelo Love Potion. Uh, Purple Passion Punch. Lemon Gingerini. Apricot Toblerone Cocktail. Couldn't find a Flirtini. Couldn't find Sparkling Mango Sorbet Float. Don't. Don't know really what that is. Well, that's all of them. Ye. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look, I have about a million things to do if this is gonna be the softest birthday party ever. If you guys don't get me everything on the list, you'll be pulling each other's horns from now on. Pitter patter! So far! Fuck, was he a beaker. Like, he would not stop beaking. That shit is the worst. That was right to stick to the task at hand, pal. Keep your trap shut. Throw bombs. I wouldn't say shit if my mouth was full of it. I haven't seen that many hits since Good Charlotte played Warped Tour. Yeah, more like. Not very Good Charlotte. I always liked NOFX. YESFX. Big fuckin' day, Dairy. Big fuckin' day! Big fuckin' day! Ow. Happy birthday, it's your special day Dairy. Birthday beats! Birthday beats! Ow. Oh, that's not polite, Katy. You really are a Sally. That's the most action I've seen since I gave the dairy cows' teats a good scrubbin'. I don't need to know that. You're pretty good at wrestling there, Katy, and that's what I appreciates about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Let's go easy over there, squirrelly Dan. Yeah. Oh, hey, look at you, ground. So, tell me about this guy, Joint Boy. Well, I'm not gonna sugar coats it for you, Wayne. This guy looks like an Australian rugbies player, chiseled out of stones. Uhoh. Got legs on him like tree trunks. Is that a deciduous tree or a coniferous tree? What? Well, there's a difference. If we're talking about, like, a maple tree, which is thick and deciduous or a Christmas tree, which is thin and coniferous. Yeah, but both is hards and mades of woods, right? There's a difference is all I'm saying. What type of tree is a coconut tree? It's a palm tree. How do you know? Well, like the Internet. Oh. Anyways, backs to Joint Boy. How come I've never heard of him before? Oh, he just gots out of jail. He was arrested for assaults after he beats the shits out of a guy for pushin' up on his sister. Got this big entourage of guys, baldheaded, bearded dudes what looks like a whole bunch of surly uncles. You think we should call The Ginger? Mmm. No. Why not? He's tougher than hell. Yeah, but. Well, like you heard he fucked an ostrich, right? He what? He fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. How does a fella get caught up in that sort of business? Well, I guess his cousin had an ostrich farm when he thought it might be fun to fuck one. Allegedly. So, he got hard somehow and he fucked an ostrich. That's fucked. That's a felony. So, we use him in emergencies only, then. I should say. Dairy. Hey, Dairy. This one's for you. Oh. Hey, Joint Boy's here. Which one of youse is Wayne? We got some business. You're interrupting a party for my best pal that my little sister worked pretty hard to put on. Hold it. May I sort this out now, please? Goddamn right you may. Thank you. Don't lose. You had yourself a scrap the other weekend at Modean's. What's it to ya? You left the dude pretty banged up. I heard he kicked a slow learning fella in the bum while he was havin' a piss. Now, that slow learning fella is my second cousin. Okay. Being the toughest guy in Letterkenny is important to me. I'm sure it is to you too but we're all hicks here. And you've done me a favor, so I'd be willing to shake your hand and call it a day. I didn't do you no favors. 'Cause I don't know who the fuck you are. We done talking? You wanna come to a super soft birthday party? Happy birthday, Dairy. It's really more for them, ain't it? What is?. All this. No, it's not. It's cream cheese. No. That's cream cheese. No. Yeah, that's cream cheese. Just go. Jesus! You remember they weren't allowed to have birthday parties growing up. They had to go bucky at mine. All they do is go alls out, don'ts they?. That's a Texas size 104. You know, if Joint Boy and his pals hadn't showed up, I figure this would have been the softest birthday ever. That's a small victory for you, I suppose. I was worried. Thought I might have to get Stewart and the Skids to come over here and start hoovering up that white powder of theirs. Anything for a little bit of an edge, am I right?. The white stuff. The snooter. The devil's dandruff. The dander. I. I hoovered up a bit of the schneef in my day. You ever hoovered barnyard schneef? I've hoovered behind the manure pile schneef. You ever hoovered schneef off a sleeping cow's spine? I've hoovered schneef off of an awake cow's teat. What are the odds that I ride him home bareback? Gonna hurt your balls, bro. Good going. Oh, yeah. You ever hoovered library schneef? I've hoovered schneef off of the cover of Gordon Korman's This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall. You wanna come home with me? You can sleep in my bed. He'd break it. He'd break your bed. His dick alone would break your bed. I saw that too. I. Yeah. It was really big. You ever hoovered Sunday school schneef? I've hoovered schneef off the collection plate in the rectory. Do you know what dick dingers are? Yep. You know that movie with the guy who whispers to horses. Brokeback Mountain? No. No. That's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. A couple hockey players come up to the produce stand the other day. Bye! Can't believe your sister's still dating these nut sacks. Wayne. How're you now?. Good and you? Not so bad. Hi, Katy. Go home, Daryl. Nice onesie. Does it come in men's? Oh, I think you cum in men enough for all of us. I think you better come in my. I mean, you better come. I think you better come say that to his face, you fucking hicks! Nice execution. You're doin' terrific. Hey, I heard about your breakup, buddy. She was your sweetie for five years, right? Your high school sweetie, right? What's it to ya? Heard she cheated on you, buddy. That's a real kick in the knackers, bro. Just a real ouchie, bro. It's too bad she taught you not to fight anymore, buddy. 'Cause that's a fight on sight for you and her new guy, buddy. Fourth line for life, bro. Maybe, if you'd ever been in a real fight, you might not be so keen for another. What did you say? You heard me. Hold my spitter. Darts off, boys. You looking for a tilly, buddy? Let's have a donnybrook. Pump the brakes. You take your shirt off, but leave your sunglasses on? What sort of backwards fuckin' pageantry is that? Do you want to fight with those shades or play pokerstars.com? Hold my spitter. Dude, I can't hold your spitter. You're holding my spitter. Just put the spitters down. Ticktock. Go time! Go time! Look at that fuckin' treasure trail. What's up with your fuckin' body hair, big shoots. You look like a 12yearold Dutch girl. Your aesthetician quaff that for you?. You can kiss my assthetician. You guys do cross fit? You can crossfuckoff. Cross fart. How many times you pulled your horn today, bud? What? Oh, she's bashful. Oh, come on, kitten. I won't tell anyone. Ball park six to eight? You're a fucking animal. Play a little five on one. Hit the kitchen, mix a batch. Feed the ducks. Distribute some free literature. Go time! Fuckin'. Shed 'em! Riley! Jonesy! Put your fuckin' shirts on! Get outta here!. This isn't over! Jinx. You owe me a Coke. Never buy you a Coke. It's a hard life pickin' stones and pullin' teats but sure as God's got sandals it beats fightin' dudes with treasure trails. Hi, Katy. We're out of yogurt. I brought some from home. So why didn't you stay there and eat it. Mornin' Dary. Mornin'. Thank you. Welcome. So, you talked to Angie yet? It's been almost a month now. Think you need to get back on the horse. She stepped out on you. Can't go back to that and get any respect. Not in Letterkenny. Wayne, Angie did you a lot of good. Somewhere along the way you kinda got soft. You're not even fighting anymore. You know what you need? Sex. With a girl. Not just any girl. A good Christian girl. I think I can help you. I've been going to the Burning Bush Youth Group every Sunday. I think you should come with me. I think you should just eat your yogurt. There's millions of starving kids in the world. Yeah? Name ten. You need a distraction. Something fun. Look at this. It's called Tinder. Look, see there's all these girls and if you don't like one, you just say nope and move onto the next. But if you do like one, then you can see how close they are and I don't know, maybe meet up or whatever. So if you like 'em you just type 'em out a message or what's the scoop? Yeah. You just, you know, say something like. Like, On a scale of one to America, how free are you right now? Oh, Jesus! Look at these nut sacks. Why do you hate them so much? 'Cause hockey players would grab a monkey by the tit if they could. Smokes are for jokes, bud! Put it out before it puts you out, bud! Trash the ash, pal! Ouch! Put it out! Put it out! Put it out! Put it out! Tell the fish hook story, Dan. It's really more of a Wayne story. Yeah, but he won't tell it. Oh, you've heard it a baker's dozen times. Tell the story or he won't shut up. Is there anymore trail mix? It's in the house. Yous makes the most delicious trail mix, Katy, and I got to say that's what I appreciates about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Pitterpatter, squirrely Dan. So, as the story goes, Wayne hucks an egg at a truck with a Confederate flag in the back windshield and the driver's fumin' pissed. So, we flee the scene goin' full tilt like a Peterbilt, right? Now, The Federales catch up to us and chase us through a few backyards before we scamper up into some trees and all Wayne's got on is a pair of cutoff jean shorts so he ain't exactly super jazzed about the situation, was you Wayne? Oh, I'm no DJ Jazzy Jeff. The Federale pulls out his Taser, and he points it up at Wayne and says some real Clint Eastwoodsounding shit. He says to Wayne, he says, If I'd known I was going to run into some uptown street toughs today, I'd have done up my top button.. That's from a John Wayne motion picture. No, Cool Hand Luke. Pert near anything Kevin Costner, really. Either way, I's impressed and I'd let out an audible gasp so he hears me, spins around, aims the Taser up at me and lets fire, and if that thing doesn't latch onto my nipple ring, which I'm pretty sure amplified the electric current, he sent coursing through my entire body. And they just walked over and yanked that thing out of my nipple like it was a goddamn fish hook. At least that's according to my cousin. Well, you know, my second cousin. Who, Garrett? No, Jarrett. Huh. I cried. I'm not even ashamed to admit that. That was well brought up. Too bad you weren't. I should say. Thirsty Thursdays, boys. Might as well get balls deep in a bottle of Gus'n Bru tonight. It's a four leaf clover. Make a wish. Wish you weren't so fucking awkward, bud. Is Angie working?. Better have a peeksee, Wayne. How are yous?. Not too bad. Good. And you? Not too bad. Smells like someone's in their barn clothes. It's Dary. Four shots of Gus'n Bru, please and thank you, One for you, too, Gailor. Thank you, Wayne, but I'm off the sauce. Taking eight vitamins a day now. What are you taking? I'm taking multivitamin, fish oil, vitamin C, vitamin D, two vitamin B complexes and two ColdFX's. Yeah, but 'cept how many darts though? Twenty, 25 darts. Oh, you got 'er down then? Last I seen ya, you were on a pack and a half of smokes. Well, sometimes, I'll have a pack and a half of smokes, but never more than two packs of smokes. Good enough. All right. Won't be rude. I'd hang a piss. Oh, fuck. I'm about to give birth to a pound of fudge. Wayne. McMurray. How're ya now? Good 'n you? Not so bad. Seen Angie, with her new dude? What a fuckin' dandy. Yeah. He's got fugazidiamonds in both ears and leprechaun buckles on his shoes. Running a fuckin' DippityDoo convention upstairs for a salad. Driving a '94 Jeep YJ with a wave decal on the side. Enough cologne to offend a Bangkok lady boy. Good enough. Do you want to hear the best part? You really wanna hear the best part. Okay. He went full Bieber eyes. What? Bieber eyes. Wayne. Wayne. Wayne, look. It's inappropriate, McMurray. Wayne, just look for fuck's sake. Just fuckin' look, Wayne. Full Bieber eyes. What's that? Bieber. The pop star. I'm not familiar with his work. This must be where the dicks hang out, eh? Our dicks hang out. Yours is like a mushroom in a corn field. Mind your fuckin' business, Alexander. Seen Angie with her new dude? What a fuckin' dandy. Eyes on your own work there, super chief. Thank Christ, Wayne, I'm pushing clobs here. Get outta the way, I'm growing a tail. Wayne, I would like to cordially invite you to the Burning Bush Youth Group this Sunday, for an evening of song and praise. Hard no. My sweetie, Margaret, is a first class gal. She's got some friends she can introduce you to. Margaret? Sounds like a biddy old bluehair'd. She's not. She's a very focused young woman on the path to eternity with Christ. And which part of that appeals to you? I like singing the songs. Sort yourself out. You're a pervert, Daryl. Jesus, your breath could stop a Mack truck right now. All right, cool it. What say, we go for a quick ice run, Wayne? I'm pushing up on you for years now. What's say you give old Gailor one for the scrapbook? Huh? I'll do the Youth Group. All right. Gail, looks like the John's allergic to fudge. Bring the plunger, we may have to break this one up. Told you to flush as you go. Fuck. Hi, Daryl. Christ be with you. Margaret. And you must be Wayne. Mmmhmm. Christ be with you, Wayne. Hello. How are yous? Oh, not s'bad. Good 'n you? Perfect. You made a good choice coming here, tonight. Yeah? Why is that? Hold your finger here for as long as you can. What for. All right. Now imagine, your soul engulfed in that for all of eternity. Okay. God is good. That's how they get you. Wayne's been going through a bit of a rough break up, and I thought a night at the Burning Bush might help him out. Plus, it's better than spending all his time on Tinder. Tinder? Did you know that it was originally called Grindr and that it was made for gay men to sodomize each other? No. Yeah. Good way to get a finger in your bum. Or a tongue in your bum. Do you know what Dick Dingers are? No. It's when they snort drugs off of each other's erect penises. That have just been in bums. Oh, my gourd! Look at this turnout. Hi, everybody. Quick question for all y'all. How good is God? I know, I know, I love him. He's the best. There's almost no one I like more. Second question, has anyone seen. Where is my beautiful girlfriend, Virginia? Ginny, where are you?. There she is, Ginny, come on up here. Come up, Ginny. Oh, ugh, Ginny. Ginny, Ginny, Ginny. Hmm. I still remember, like it was yesterday, the day that the Lord gave you to me. And he said, Glen, this is your blank canvas, it is pale. It is colorless, it is almost cardboardlike. I want you to give it life, to give it color. And so I said to the Lord, I will give it everything, everything. Except for one thing. What was that question? Uh, hmm? Vaginal intercourse! Guess what, boys and girls? You're in for somethin' special, 'cause we got The Salty Treats. What the actual fuck is this place? Why can't you just enjoy yourself? It's 'cause I get onto this Tinder thing, and now they tell me it's for finding dudes. But that's some bullshit, right? I don't know. You want some strawberry lemonade? I haven't seen this sort of fuckin' bedlam since we fired Roman Candles at coyotes that night and caught one right in the butt hole, fuck. Ran up the back porch, dropped seven shades of shit in Dad's work boots. Could have been a wolf. There's wolf's in the back bush. There's for sure mooses. Have a dart. Yeah, I'd have a dart. Oh, fuckin' Grindr. Grindr?. Grindr. What? Pray tell, what are you doing on Grindr, Wayne? What are you skids doing out of your parents' basement, Stewart? The gang and I have been doing hiphop karaoke for the better part of 48 hours. Out on the decks. Ones and twos. The entire 48. Subsequently spittin' hot fire. Playing MegaMan and Final Fantasy on original NES. Pokmon Gold, on GameBoy Color. Gotta catch 'em all. Bulbasaur, Ivysaur, Venusaur, Charmeleon, Charizard, fuckin' Charmander. Fuckin' Charmander. Time to take about 20% off on the meth intake, boys. Ever played Dr. Mario on Super NES?. Game is full of subliminal messages. Hunter S. Thompson would have had a field day. Hunter S.? Charles Bukowski. Oh, yes, Chuck Bukowski. That's a better one, Stewart. Ever played Aladdin on original Sega G? Coffee? Tea? Sega? Lion King was far ahead of its time. Makes you think far beyond your years. Disney games prevail! You got any weed? I always regret coming to the surface with you, daywalking hicks. The minutiae of your world. My basement resembles an island Xanadu, in comparison. Okay. Ah, but some quick math tells me this time, however, you've been so agonized by a woman you're now seeking the company of men. Oh, okay. We've all thought about it. Well, good on you for doubling down. Although, I didn't peg you for a pipe fitter, Wayne. Pegged! Five years with Angie, we figured you were a concrete clam slammer. Why drink from the furry cup when the garden hose is right there? Who knew he liked the chutney ferret, eh fellas? Fuckin' what? Knob jockey. Back door bandit. I'm gay, but donut puncher! Just gimme my phone. Oh, yeah, sure thing. Oklahomo. Rear admiral. Uphill gardener. Bum bumper. This is awkward for me, you guys. Hey, it's okay. We know, and we support you. All right. Donald Trump of rump! Phone. Okay. But only because you have this weird. Menergy. Menergy! About you. Sorry. That's a great name for a spa. Oh, stop it. You know I love ripping didge. If you don't change your attitude you're gonna lose out on all the girls. Like the 12yearolds or the 13yearolds?. Well, have you noticed all the wellgroomed dudes here?. You missed the best part. Glen just did his didgeridoo solo. Well, that's pretty much it. You guys wanna get some milk shakes? I think Modeans is open. Boy, howdy. Well, well, well. Daryl, girl, Wayne. Bit surprised to see you here, I'm being honest. Didn't realize you were big fan of the didge. Aw. More of a didgeredon't? What do you do with the fertile, Wayne? Didn't I just catch you cruisin' Grindr? Come again? Hey, shouldn't you boys be watching Friday Night Lights with a gym sock on your joy stick? Chirp Tim Riggins. I fuckin' dare you. Mix in a little One Tree Hill and maybe some Gossip Girl. But I think we've got bigger fish to fry right here. Looking for love over the rainbow now, are we Dorothy? I hate you, but can confirm deer season's over. He's hunting bear now. I fuckin' hate you too. However, fuckin' hate him more. And I just found out he's ambidextrous. What are they talking about, Wayne?. He likes dicks now. In his bum. Or his mouth. All over. Oh, my God. That's Angie's new boyfriend? Oh, that's that city boy. What a skirt. What a shit. Fuck, Lemony Snicket, what a series of unfortunate events you fuckin' been through, you ugly fuck. Boulevard of Broken Dreams. Fuck you, Stewart. Hey, fuck you. Yeah, fuck yourself. You must be having a fun night. Ur bro is gay. LMFAO. In all caps, from Riley. Wayne? You remember when you were 19, those worm pickers kept coming in the night and trampling on our beans? What did you do? Dug six foot holes, put a skunk in each one and waited for them to fall in. Remember when the skids egged Daryl on his bike? What did you do? Put some stink bombs in a Nerf gun and fired it at them on prom night. Remember when you came in from chorin' and found those messages on my computer from a guy calling me a slut? I wanted a piece of that guy for a long time. You drove over to his house and broke his nose on his front lawn. You know, I miss that Wayne. I think a lot of people do. It's for the better. This is Sparta! Ow! Fuck! What the hell are you doing? I'd ask you the same thing, you fuckin' tit. I'm taping an idiot. I'm not sneaking up on dudes and starting fights. I'm not fightin' ya. I'm smackin' ya. Oh, that's right. You don't fight anymore, do you? I figured I'd have one on deck for sure after I stole your girl. Nothin', eh? No move? She must've trained you well. So what's it gonna take to get you back on the horse there, champ? Do I go inside and spread Angie right out on the bar when she gets here? I've fucked your girl more times than you've had a hot meal. Maybe your sister wants to join us. It's Katy, right? Shit. Why don't I go over there and ask her myself? Pull your pants up, Alexander. You've come this far. Welcome to fuckin' Letterkenny. Good to have you back, big brother. Hi, Katy. Go home, Daryl. Bye, Wayne. Have a good one bro. Bye, Wayne. See you later, buddy. A bit of fuss down at the church the other day. Glen. Wayne. How are you now?. Good, and you? Oh, not so bad. Ooh, look what you brought with you. Hello, Daryl. Oh, fuck. Fuck, you're naked as a jay bird. Wayne, it's humid. It's the humidity. Y'all might want to think about doing the same thing, just pop your pants right off, that way no one gets sticky. Nope. It's not so bad. What's the fuss? Ma O'Dell mentioned something about you helping her get a squirrel out of her attic. I'm faced with a similar conundrum. Right over there. It seems some kinda rodent's made his home over there. I have not seen him, but I sure can smell him. Hum. It's a possum. Hmm. Possum. That's right. Oh, pitter patter, let's get at 'er. Do you wanna know what? I'd reach into a pirate hooker's chamber pot before I'd reach in there. And I'm going to tell ya. Possums are immune to snake venom. They could probably survive a nuclear blast. I think it's pronounced newcuelar. Mmm, but it isn't. They're mutants. They have forked fuckin' penises. We should all be so lucky. They do this thing called 'Playing Possum' where they appear dead and emit a death stink from their butt holes, fuck. I found one playing possum one time, thought it was dead and buried it. It dug itself out a few hours later and fucked a hen right in front of her chicks. Wayne, think about the swear jar. You're putting so much money in. All right, let me take peek see? Pitterpatter. Always had a skilled hand in wrangling vermin. Thank you, Daryl. And that doesn't surprise me. No sweat. No sweat? In this heat? That is rich and it's funny. Honestly though, just take off your jumper. I'll hold it for you. You crawl up in there, no one gets dirty. Glen? Glen? Yes. Let's take about 20% off 'er up there, all right? Now, you wanna have an eye because he'll come out meaner and spit and go like a hot damn. Is he likely to bite? Is a duck's ass watertight? Get ready to give him the size nine's if he jukes by me. How be I give him the size twelve and a halfs instead? Oh, I see him. That's some drunk evolution right there, bud. You gotta wonder what two Christmade miscreants mated to make that. It's almost not worth thinkin' about. Do I just reach for him? That's a better idea than going in head first. Put him where? Under my boot. Boys, just do your best not to make too big a mess, all right? And I'm sorry again about all this heat. Whoohoo! Oh, for fucksakes. Ow. You wish there was a Pied Piper for possums, but there isn't, so you're gonna have to just keep pickin' 'em off with the .22. Buckle up 'cause they're fuckin' ugly. Of course, that's not to say I have it all my damn self. Is that a herpe on your hand, Daryl? Did you pay a little extra to go all the way with a ripper in the back room again?. No, I don't think he'd make that mistake twice. Got a little trouser trauma? Was she fun or was she fungal? Hey, guess what? A guy's girlfriend is having a hard time parking the car, right? He says, You should get tested. She says, Well no, I'm not so bad at driving. He says, No, I have chlamydia. Is that a bite? The guy takes a hooker out for supper. He gave her his peas, she gave him herpes. Daryl, what happened? Did something bite you?. A possum. A possum?. That's right. Well, he could have rabies. Boo fuckin' hoo. No, rabies is serious. It attacks the central nervous system. If he gets puke between the floor boards it ain't coming out. Well, I can't take him to the clinic. I gotta do an ice run for the jamboree this week. Oh, Christ. Well, Daryl, we're gonna have to take your van. Oh, yeah? Where's your nut sack boyfriend's today, Katy? They're at an away game against the Natives. Oh, I bet they're looking forward to playing those tough pricks. Christ. You sure you're ready to saddle up to the jamboree again? It was kind of you and Angie's thing. No sense sittin' on my hands. Time to find a new dance partner. All right, Daryl. Pitterpatter. Hey, why are crabs always so tired? It's 'cause they only sleep in snatches. Hey, wait a minute. We're. We're missing two schmelts. Where are Deetzy and Burnsy? Oh, looks like a bad case of the Native flu, bro. What's the Native flu? You're an idiot. The Natives are tough as hell. So another way to say someone is chickenshit to play them is to say they have the Native flu. Mix in a fuckin' clue, brotato chip. Keep those fucking bags up, schmelt. Wayne. Bonnie, how are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. This isn't all for you, is it? It sure is. Is it for the jamboree? If we ever get it there. Save me a dance? Yup, sure. Thank you. I've always wanted to dance with you, Wayne. Oh, yeah? We've all been watching you and Angie dance for so long thinking when's it gonna be our turns? Oh, yeah? But trust me, watching was enough. You used to move her body around like it didn't weigh a feather. Well, you know, I think I got about a dozen baker's dozen here I guess we could just scan them and then I'll get out of your hair. Oh, yeah, I'll scan them. Okay. It's broken. It'll be our little secret. Okay, sit down. Oh. Stewart? Katy? You look grisly. You look beautiful. But I can't quite see you right now. What's wrong with you? Meth?. I don't know what you're talking about. You're not a teenager anymore. It's not charming. I use to charm you? Wrong takeaway. You know, you're not a fuckin' idiot. You could turn it around if you wanted to. You know, I remember sneaking into your parties when I was 15, stealing your mixtapes. All your own music. I was really impressed. Guess those days are over, though. All right, Dairy, let's go. Dairy, come on. And yeah. You did use to charm me. McMurray, how're ya now? Not so bad, and you? Not so bad. I see you back to the jamboree, now. A few weeks off there. Oh, you noticed. Well, it's hard not to notice all that Scottish tartan plaid you seem to enjoy so much. I wanted to talk about something important. Okay. My sister Bonnie is back from college, and she's a damn fine woman. Oh, yeah. I just seen her down at the dollar store, there. You sure it was her? I mean, last time I seen her last she was in a kind of a DIY maxi dress, but she may have added a crochet pattern sweater on account of the breeze. Maybe autumn foliage or an Algonquin green? Okay. I think she'd be a damn fine match for you, Wayne. That's if you're ready. You know, 'cause of Angie and all. She's a lovely girl. No, you go ahead. That is if you. But you started, you mind finishing? Oh, it's just, was gonna say the space, looks, looks nice and clean without the. Yup. Run pretty good. Well, all right. All right. Yeah. Hey, uh, I'll let you carry on. It's a good box of ice. Yeah. Yeah, good to see you. Have a good one. Hey, wait. You save her dance now, eh, big boy? Good enough, McMurray. Atta boy. Does that taste right? Ya, okay. Mmm. I think so, I don't know, I don't know. I've had an epiphany! Uh, can you taste this? No. Never again. Okay, okay, okay, then, can you snort it? No. I've given up on the meth business. I'm going back to the turntables. Hmm? Back to the ones and twos. For what? To become a superstar DJ. Oh, okay, okay, uh. But first, can you. Let's just try. No. I need you guys to tell everyone you know that I am hosting a rave in Letterkenny, and I will be spinning under all of my aliases. How many aliases have you had? DJ Pimpy Longstockings, DJ Peter Blumpkin, DJ White Power Nap, DJ White Power Bottom. They'll all be there!. All of them. Mmmmmm, so you're quitting the meth business? I've quit the meth business. But Menergy Spa is still like, a thing though, right? Well, how are you going to get people to come? I'll post it on my fuckin' Facebook. And you guys will post it on your fuckin' Facebooks. Wayne. Christ, Katy, put some fuckin' clothes on. Not my forte. Unfortunate. What are you doing? Well, I think it's pretty obvious that I'm moving hay bales from here over to here. Although, that one's a straw bale. Why? Well, pick up your fuckin' phone. McMurray's been trying to reach you all day. McMurray. At least I was yesterday! How're ya now? Not so bad and you? Not so bad. Listen, Wayne. I've gotta cancel the Jamboree here. The Ag Hall's been booked up. For the whole week? Yes, sir. That's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and guess what else? Sunday. What for? Uh, Stewart. He's throwing a rave. I don't know, he says he needs time to set up or something like that. Said something about a glow stick Segway saunter across the rainbow road level of Mario Kart for Nintendo 64? I don't know, what the fuck. And you greenlit that tomfuckery? Had to. Agricultural Hall is low on funds. Allday bookings is a big boost for us. So, I couldn't say no. Agricultural Halls are for Agricultural music. Not for fuckin' raves. Well, that's no way to get your communication badge, boy scout. Dairy. DARYL ON. Wayne. Clinic. Pick up. Not feel good. Well, he's not gonna get his communication badge, either. Dairy. What's the fuss? Good 'n you? Where you goin'? I don't know where I am. Don't look at your hand. What's the fuss? Think I have rabies. Oh, boo fuckin' hoo, big shootsywootsy. But 'cept do you wanna know what? What's that? Nabbing that possum was kind of a thrill. I think I could start a pest removal business. Oh, Daryl, that's just silly. But 'cept do you wanna know what? I'm gonna help you. You know Stewart's having a rave at the Ag Hall? Agricultural Halls are for agricultural music. Not for fuckin' raves. That's what I said. So here's what we're gonna do and I'm gonna tell ya. We're gonna wrangle as many of those critters as possible, and let 'em loose at Stewart's rave. How do we get the word out about the business? Oh, you'd have to put it on your fuckin' Facebook, likely. Over and out. Look at this bowl of fruit salad. You want a taste, Tanis? Ooh, better watch that bark there. Boy might get bit. What's going on here? You're looking a handful short. Caught a bad case of the Native flu, or what? You're drunk. Mix in a water. Well, it's either that or you're all tweaking down that meth town you come from. What did you say? Everyone knows Letterkenny has gone to meth. You guys a bunch of fuckin' basics. At least we keep it clean. We just sell cigarettes. Your town ain't nothing but a bunch of jackedup scab pickers. Yeah, we'll see what you're calling us after I bury a couple of bar down wristers. Halfclapper, top cheddar. Biscuits top titties, bar downskies. Always bar downskie. Pull out the guns. Safetys off. Fuckin' safety off, boys. A little threeononeskie? A little threeontwoskie? Hum a high hard one. Hit the red light district. You won't make it that far, slugger. You either, champ. Buckets off. Center ice. Puck drop. Shed 'em. Go me. A little fuck me, fuck you. Free nose jobs. Let's dance. Let's hit the dfloor. My balls dangle harder than you, boy. Like I thought, bad case of the Native flu. Devon, we're missing $2000. Really? It's a devastating blow to Menergy Spa, I know. Hey, I'll call Stewart. He'll fix everything. Hello? Stewart? Hey, Devon. Hey, we're missing 2k. Yeah, I took it for the rave. 2k? I don't think you understand. It's going to be a massive production. It's gonna be like an. Aurora Borealisthemed Salvador Dali drug orgy with shamans. But that's a lot of money. No time, I gotta go. Wayne. Daryl. Gailor, how are ya now? I'm on a juice cleanse. Haven't had a drink in three days. Had close to 30 shits, though. So what's the fuss? Well, timing's right for your new business. Saw it up on your fuckin' Facebook, there. Got a skunk sleeping underneath us, right now. Did you not know skunks are immune to bee stings? They even teach their babies how to raid beehives. And? Well, they burrow up for the winter, and rip farts on each other to keep warm. No way. Oh, yeah. They go to mate as soon as they leave their mom, so you know they're probably thinking about her during sex. That or their brothers and sisters which is even more inappropriate. Oh. There's one knocking. Make way. Well, pitterpatter. Can you take this one, please? Here's the deal. Stewart's rave is eating up all our money, and the business is failing without his expertise. We simply aren't making enough coin selling the Native's cigarettes. We need the meth. Menergy Spa is never going to happen at this rate. I officially move to boycott Stewart's rave, take it off our fuckin' Facebooks and sabotage it. All in favor say, Aye!. Aye! It's unanimous. How are we going to do this? We could put something on our Facebooks. We could say the Ag Hall has asbestos. Yes, asbestos. Everyone hates asbestos. Asbestos is the answer. Okay. Let's do that. Maybe you don't say asbestos anymore, though. Okay. Hey, Katy, you look beautiful. You look better. Um. I've come to cordially invite you to my rave tonight. Stewart. Fuck, greasiest skid I ever seen. Criss Angel mindfreak lookingmotherfucker. What are you thinking holding a rave at the Ag Hall? I'm thinking I'm doing the Agricultural Society a huge favor. You guys are going broke. Tits up or not, it's inappropriate. Why not the Legion? Or even upstairs at the arena? Or the fuckin' youth center. Because they're too small, shirttucker. Be prepared, because once this blows up they'll probably ask me to do it quarterly. Biweekly! Mmmhmm. Mmmhmm. We'll see if it blows up then. It'll probably be pretty tough to find me through the crowd. Stage security will be pretty tight but your name's on the guest list, and there's a backstage pass with your name on it. I'll do my best to make it down, Stewart. My ass. And just as a heads up, it is a rave, so there will probably be people on drugs. You know, MDMA. What? There's gonna be MDMA at the Ag Hall? Yes, there will be MDMA at my rave at the Ag Hall. There will be MDMA, DMT, PCP, LSD, LED and probably UFC. But I am clean and sober. You are spare parts, aren't you, bud? I truly hope to see you there. Watch your fuckin' hands, skid. Three, two. Fuckin' skids are turning Letterkenny into a gong show, buddy. Fucking gonger, buddy. I'm rattled about that meth chirp, brotein. Fuckin' Stewart, bro. Fuckin' Stewart, bro. There's fuckin' two in that pud, hey, boys? Put 'em away like a winter coat, boys. What the fuck was that? That was garbage. That was fuckin' pedestrian. All this beaking is kiddie pool shit. Is that what you want? Riley, Jonesy? Huh? You want to get dropped off at the splash pad on the way home, eh? Get mom and dad to pick you up after you all swim? No running on the deck, ya fuckin' pheasants. Fuck! Bag skate. Tomorrow, 00 a. m. Fuckin' embarrassing!. Hey, give your balls a tug, you titfucker! Fuck! You never looked so good. You never felt so good. I'm so proud of you, man. Save me a dance, Wayne. You look better. Where's Stewart, buddy? Where is he, bro? Rave's canceled. Go home. Bullshit, buddy. That's not what the poster says, buddy. I said, it's fuckin' canceled. Now quit your hollering before I get cross. Hey. When he give a warning, he don't repeat it. Yeah. Seven of us and two of you. It's a good time for a donnybrook, boys. Tilly time, boys. What the fuck are you pheasants doing out here? It's 10 minutes to curfew. You think you can dog fuck all night and then dance? Dog fuckin' means no dancin'. Get home! It's fuckin' embarrassing. Well, pitterpatter. This isn't over. Jinx, you owe me a Coke. Christ. McMurray. MCMURRAY : Wayne, I've been told the rave was a bust. Something about an asbestos scare or something. No one showed up. Sister Bonnie, though, she's still in there. About that dance you were going to save her. She'll be in a sort of golden poppy progressive onesie. Either way, you know, get in there, pal. Give 'er the guts. Okay. Bang the very guts right out of her. Okay. Just have at her, bud, like. The nutsack. Alley oop. This is a grotesquerie. It's off. We are going to make Letterkenny the biggest meth town in the whole country. I love Stewart! Got a bit banged up after work the other day. Did you get that stump out of the ground today? I already told you. Dary and I are doing it Friday. You never told me that. Did too. You gotta tell her more than once. She's a woman, not a robot. In all fairness, Dary, that's a twoway street. You know what Dad would say. Plant the corn. Get her goin'. So, how are you gonna do it? Well, Questions McGarrity over here, we chain it up and yank it out like a loose tooth. So, what are you gonna chain it up to? My van. Won't do. Why? 'Cause that might be a little too punk rock, Dary. What's wrong with my van? More than a coat of paint. Go on. More than two coats of paint. Get after it. Rear end differential. Front end differential. Alternator. Battery. Doesn't matter. She'll perform. Well, fucking measure twice, cut once then, bud. You said yesterday, it could win a demolition derby. No I never. I said yesterday it was fit for a demolition derby. No you never. Ain't no reason to get excited. It's not what you said. You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to you. You know what, there's two things I don't like about you, and it's your face. There's one thing you're not gonna like about your own face. That's when I come over there and give it the beats. You boys ever had a peanut butter sandwich? You're one end. You're the other end. Stick you's together and you're just stuck. Really scraping the bottom of the yoghurt cup for that nugget of wisdom, aren't you? You appreciate my metaphors, Katy. That's what I appreciate about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Stake about five to 10% offer over there squarely down. Yeah. No. Huh? So any other insights for us? Uh. Heck! You wouldn't mind a quick heads up from a fella who's about to steam press his Calvins. And that's your lesson for today, folks, farts always win. That right there was an air biscuit. That was a real ass flapper, if I do say so, myself. Some fine colon bowling. Some real rectal turbulence. Wayne, you gonna weigh in on this? Well there's nothing better than a fart. Except kids falling off bikes maybe. Fuck, I could watch kids fall off bikes all day. I don't give a shit about your kids. I wish Gail could hear that fart. I've got a couple pals who'd appreciates it too. Wouldn't it be kinda neat if you could like, catalog your farts? What for? Well, I feel like if other people could hear that crack splitter it could have a positive impact on their lives. That may be the nicest thing everybody has ever said about me. You should be able to keep track of and record your farts. And your friends' farts. Like Facebook? Exactly like a Facebook. Just like. Fartbook. Step one, we got to builds us a website. How are we gonna fuck that pig? I guess we gots to calls up the internets. Oh, yeah? You got a phone number for the internet, Dan? Well, I'm pretty sure they added me on Skypes a while back, I mean, I gots to check my emails. Outstanding. Well, I have an idea, it's gonna chap a few asses but, there's a fella we know right here in town who can builds us a websites so we don't even have to calls up the internets, you know. Skip that middle man. Right, we'll skip the middle man. Who is. The internet. Who is it, Dan? Um, Stewart. Hard no. You gots a better idea? Better than going into business with a meth head? One or two. Now hold your good goddamn horses here, let's put it to a vote, those for. Those against. Get real. Then she's bought and paid for. Two against one. So, driving Pete's family's out of town, he had a bit of a Texas Hold'em Tournament. And I went over there with my secondcousins. Who, Garrett? And Jarrett. Well, Pete gets all liquored up. Long story short, me and the cousins, just standing there in the kitchen having a beer watching Pete hang a piss down his own basement stairs. Then he turns the cock on himself, pisses all over his goddamn chest. Then he falls down his own pisssoaked stairs. What are you gonna do? It's like, Hey, it's your fucking house! But also, Fuck! It's your house. So it's Facebook. But for farts? That's right. Cartoonish. We're in. But, drop the The. Just, Fartbook. It's cleaner. There was never a The. And we want 30%. Of what? Amateurs. Money, generated from the site! We are not gonna be making any money off the site. Yes, we will. Once we get enough members playing the butt trumpet, we will sell ad space and make a fortune. Now, let's talk about marketing. Who should we target to buy ad space on Fartbook? Indian food. Greek food. Asian noodle soups. What about ring tones? Instead of putting your phone on silent, you put in on silent. But deadly. You are an idiot. He's a. Wait. You're an idiot. Is geostamping farts a good idea? Of course it is. Popcorn, fart location, movie theater. That's information I's wants to know! No. Why not? 'Cause it's too complicated. It's like algebra. Why you gotta put numbers and letters together? Why can't you just go fuck yourself? The kids will fucking love that shit. Yeah, you know what else kids love, keys. Dangling in front of their faces. They fucking love it. Fine. No ads then. Shake on 30%. Anything down the road will be negotiated in good faith. Beggars can't be choosers. Meritorious! Give us.24 hours. Eduardo. We're ranking farts. I need the algorithm. I need the algorithm. How are you now? Hey. Not too bad. Good, and you? Huh? Oh. Gentlemen. Fartbook. I don't. I. I just. What's wrong with you? Seeing it all come together. Sort yourself out. Here's what we've done. I am, at this point, the only member of Fartbook. Each member will be able to upload three farts. Each member will post a picture to their farts. Members will then be allowed to friend request each other and accumulate audiences for their farts. For example. My profile. Wanna know, that's. That's mint. Like the. Little bull snort there in the middle there, Stewart. I really like the placement of the fizzler at the end. Thank you. Now, shall we sign one of you up? Oh! Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Me. Daryl. Oh, fuck. Shit. Cunt. Fuck. Wait a sec. Can I go eat a can of Chef Boyardee? Oh! No times. I can farts on command. Okay? Mmmmmm. Ready. Ahem, I recommend recording through a professional studio mic but the internal computer mic will work for now. Okay, Dan. Ready? Go. Oh, very nice. Boy howdy. Onto the second one. Go. That was a winner. Really nice work, Dan. Really nice work, Dan. Fuck, is this awkward. Onto number three. No, no, no. I can do better. I wants to go again. No, I think you should keep it. No one likes a fart that sounds too staged. Do you wanna know what? He's right. Like that person who just happens to have burst out laughing in every group photo they're in? Like the camera just happened to catch that magic moment in every single one. That like, Say cheese. You're not fooling me, bud. Nope. If you think, if you think it's a good idea. It's a good spread there. Like. It's a good spread. I suggest we, um, send it out to a test audience, before it goes live. Um. Get some feedback. Iron out the bugs. Suggestions? Gail. Duh. What about the Ginger? Mmm. What about Boots? Oh, mmm, the Ginger. You guys. Ever heard anything about that guy fucking an ostrich? I heard it was Boots who fucked the ostrich. No. The Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. Let's see. It'd take more than one guy to fuck an ostrich. You think they were both there? Like, Boots held down the ostrich?. I suppose. If you really wanted to get to the bottom of it. We could find someone, someone who farms ostriches. Who might know how they get fucked. I don't think we need to invite them, though. We should get the hockey players in on this. Those dgens would lap this right up. Maybe get Glen. Get the Christians on board. Agreed. And we should also get Katy into the fracas. I'll talk to her. The fuck you will. Wondrous. You talk to her, then. We reconvene back here in 24 hours. Yeah. Oh, yes. Go. Hey, has Katy liked any of your farts on Fartbook? No, you? Huh. No. Huh. We got a problem. We need to talk to Gail. Gail. How are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Gail, we've summoned you here today to talk about your Fartbook profile. Okay. Let's listen. Everything about that so right. Wrong. You've attached messages to each of your farts. For example, send this fart to ten people or you will have bad sex for the rest of your life. But see, I had just got that message from someone else. So it's like, if I didn't send it, then I'd be stuck having bad shaboink forever. And I enjoy a horizontal refreshment for my vertical smile too goddamn much to take that risk. It's called spamming, Gail. Never heard it called that. Heard it called spunking one or two times. No. Sending annoying messages to people who have not requested it is called spamming. Okay. And it's annoying. No. No. No. Yes. Yes. If you continue to misuse Fartbook, we'll have to suspend your membership. Suspend my membership? Why don't you suspend my fist in your ass, you little fuck. If you ever threaten me like that again, I'll spread your cheeks and I'll feed you a Kentucky Klondike Bar, you little twat. I'll drop an Alabama Hot Pocket in your deuce maker, Charlie. I'll fuckin' land shark your shit house so fast you'll be crying for your mother, you fucking asshole. Fuck you, Stewart. You drop deuces in every orifice of your body, you fuckhead! Tear you into a PopTart!. And then I will. We've got another problem. Where's Katy? What?. Katy. We've summoned you here today to talk about your Fartbook profile. Super. Let's listen. Problem? Those are cat farts. Right. You've got a picture of your cat under each of your farts. It's not my cat. It's just a barn cat. I seen a coon having sex with a barn cat on top of my truck one time, fuck. What's the nature of that, David Suzuki? No one cares about your cat's farts. But look how cute they are. Not to be impolite, but you're the only one who thinks so. Everybody whose got a cat or a kid, is going to think their cat's or kid's farts are super special and unique. They're not. They are just a cat or a kid fart. In addition, you've been updating new farts from your cat almost hourly. Oh, that's because there's so many cute farts. Like I can't even keep up. (HIPHOP MUSIC PLAYING). Katy! What is this fucking gong show? We're supposed to be napping right now, boys. What? We are at home. In the middle of a 'Chel tournament with big dingers in. When we see you've been liking all this duster's farts on Fartbook. And none of this beauty's farts. And not one of this grain fed, USDA certified, 100% nonanimal tested, organic beauty. Not one. You're welcome. Thanks, buddy. So? So he's gonna think you wanna fucking wheel him. He's gonna think that you wanna turn on the jets. Because I like his farts? Yes. I'm just pushing a button. It doesn't mean anything. What the fuck are you looking at, you fuckin' pilon? Fucking vampire. Pipe down, idiots. Get in the house. Now. I'm gonna get you, you fuckin' pheasant! We're comin' phezzy! Guys. Boy, you're havin' quite a day, Superchief. We've got another problem. Where's Glen? Daryl, Rage Monkeys. Daniel. Wayne. We've summoned you here today to talk to you about your Fartbook profile. Allonsy. You have no photos and no farts but are friends with everyone along for the test drive. Hmm. I'm not friends with everyone. I'm not friends with Wayne yet. But I wanna be. It seems as though you were just cruising through Fartbook liking and commenting on everyone's farts but contributing nothing yourself. Nothing. I am as God made me. Blessed with a very healthy gastrointestinal system. Not super farty. What you're doing is called creeping. Not what Fartbook is all about. I genuinely enjoy farts. You can't just go around creeping other people's farts. What the truck is wrong with that? If you continue to misuse Fartbook, we'll have to suspend your membership. Fine. Fine. Fluff you then. I have millions. And I mean, millions of ways of hearing unlimited farts. We're done here, Glen. Are we though? Are we? I think we should pump the brakes on Fartbook. That's a Texassize 104. Why? It's kicking up too much dust. We haven't even gotten into it and already folks are gettin' chapped asses. Well, that's their problem. Not ours. This is our problem. We started Fartbook so that good folks could share farts with other good folks. That's it. Not to creepin' farts, or spam farts. Although, if you eat spam, you'll get good farts. Farts should never come between the love of a man and a woman. It's not right. You don't get to 500 million farts without making a few sharts. Exactly. So, what are you saying? Fartbook dies today. Today, Fartbook is dead. Oh. You think so? I'm with the fellas on this one. It's not why we invented it. You invented it? Our idea. We built the site. You know, you really don't need a forensics team to get to the bottom of this. If you were the inventors of Fartbook, you'd have invented Fartbook. Hold your horses there. Let's put this to a vote. Those for closing down Fartbook, raise your hands. Those against? But we own 30 percent. This isn't fair! If you want to sit on our backs and call yourselves tall, you have every right to do so. But don't think that we're gonna sit here and enjoy listening to you lie. You have a bit of our attention, you have the smallest bit of our attention. When did we ask for your attention? The rest of our attention is back at the offices of Fartbook, where my friends and I are doing things that no one on this farm, especially and including you idiots, are intellectually, creatively, artistically, emotionally, or spiritually capable of doing. Have I adequately answered your condescending question? What question?. Farts! You better lawyer up, asshole, because I'm not coming back for 30 percent, I'm coming back for everything. I. I don't know what happened just now. No. No. You know, I've been thinking about Fartbook. What about it, bigshits?. I think maybe we pulled the cord too quick on that, you parachute. I miss it too, threepoint shoes. I was on there a lot. Too much, likely. I was always checking it. It was very addicting. Except, did you ever really stop to think about one thing, did you? Rippin' farts into your computer doesn't exactly spike the likelihood of having sex with girls. Hey! Hey! Hey! Not now. Need 20 minutes. Okay. Just wanted to let you know that Glen stole our website. It's been live for more than 36 hours. Hey! Hey! Fuck it!.  Oh! Fuck's sake. Jesus! Fucking sort yourselves out. Cheese and rice. I can't remember the last time five men came in this church so aggressively. Or can I? You stole our idea. Hmm. Are you referring to Christian Fart Mingle? What's that? It's like Christian Mingle, but for farts. We asked your help with our idea and you went behind our backs and stole'd it. I didn't. Excuse. Oh, my God. Those are some hairy allegations you are firing, at my face. All your allegations. All of them, completely fricken' false. Baseless. How? Stewart, I did not steal anything. Because the last time I checked, taking advantage of a growing trend was not stealing. What trend? I'll tell you. But first, let's sing a hymn. No. No. Fine. Look, y'all had a good idea, all right? You had a terrific idea. Congratulations. But did you actually think you were the only ones in the world to have it? What are you talking about? I'm talking about Fart culture, Stewart. It's all the rage. It's everywhere. You know. Nothing. Glen will show you. Ever heard of Plenty of Farts? I've heard of Plenty of Fish. It's very much like that, except for farts. Here. Here's the one I like the best. It's called Fart Filter. And I like it because you can put different filters on all of your farts and it's fun. So, yeah, I'll just show you how it works. This one, no filter. Nothing. Who cares? Not Glen, right? Vanilla. Pedestrian. I'm not interested. However, shove that baby through the Hudson filter. What's she gonna sound like? Now there's a renovation. Now suck on your Sutro filter. Now boys, because I'm feeling generous, and we're in the Lord's house, I'm gonna play you the filter that I invented myself. I call it. Valencia. Wow. There is a whole site devoted to glutenfree farts. The point is, it's out there, boys. It's happened. The idea lives in the world. Y'all are too slow. Slow on the uptake. Sad story. Boohoo. Toottoot! Go away. Let's go. Sad face, sad face, angry face. Better slow down there, Bigshoots. Tomorrow's gonna be a great day for hay. If you can be a man at night, you can be a man in the morning. Wayne, how come you didn't join Fartbook? 'Cause you're not supposed to fart in front of girls. What? There's certain things that should stay sacred between a man and a woman. So, all things considered, this whole thing's pretty fucking juvenile, if I do say so myself. If she's always listening to your ass acoustics, or even worse, smellin' 'em, I guarantee she'll be slower and slower to crawl into bed with you at night. What you just said is outrageous. No it isn't. It's true. I don't wanna be smelling a dude's ass all the time. Get real. What are you? Some kind of fart purist? So what are you supposed to do? Just hold it in? Or take a shit, you fuckin' degenerate. Speaking of shit, my second cousin's got IBS. Who, Garrett? No, Jarett. No. IBS, the International Business Solution? IBS stands for Irritable Bowel Syndromes. Anyhoo, when he was a kid, Jackass comes out on the air, so it becomes real popular in his high school, for kids to start taking shits in places what weren't meant for taking shits in. They calls that guerrilla shittin'. Is this a true story? So, he became real popular with his friends, with his ability to take a shits any time he needed to. They'd call him up when they get an idea of a place that needed a shits taken in, and be like, Hey, why don't you comes over here and takes a shits? Anyhow, this one time his pal texts him up, and he says, Hey, why don't you come take a shits in the girls' bathroom? So, he drinks a coffee, eats a bran muffin, heads on down to the washroom there, but when he opens the bathroom door, what does he find? But this pretty young girl just dropping a shits, right there in the middle of the bathroom floor. And that's how he met his lovely Eunice. And they fells in love, and they've been together ever since. They raised three little shits. So. With all due respect, Miss Katy, there is a market for gentlemens what can find ladies who like, uh, farts, or shits, or even guerrilla shittin's. That is not a true story. That is a true story. God help us all. You know what, I don't know why you guys need everybody knowing your business anyway. Like why you gotta put everything on the internet, while you're doing it, or after you're done doing it? Well, if you don't puts it on the internet, how's gonna people know what you did? Do you wanna know what? That's your problem right there. Should be playing your cards close to your chest. Keep the ladies guessin' a little bit. Be the mystery man. Right again. Oh, if a woman's not gonna love me for my farts or for me posting my bowling scores on the internet. Not really sure I want one. Well, then it's a good thing you's two have each other. You heard a couple nut sacks talkin' about hockey the other day. This kid. Kid is a fuckin' stud. Kid's a fuckin' beauty. Fuckin' look at this kid. Fuckin' love this kid. Kid lights lamp. Hashtag lamp life. Eat, sleep, lamp. Don't give him too much space, buddy. He'll dangle. He'll dangle all the fuckin' way to outer space. Suck some Martian titties up there, boys. Just getting super sloppy all over our space dinks. Silky mittens, top tittens. Ferda boys. Ferda! Ferda! Big roadie to the big city this weekend, Schmelt. Do you know what that means? Um. Suckin' city titty, idiot. Suckin' all that big city titty, idiot. All up that big city slam piece. Big city slams, idiot. Big city billet moms. Big city billet sisters. Let's get our dinks sucked on, boys. Yes. Hey, how's school going, Schmelt? It's going. Just kidding. We don't give a fuck. Get our pops, Schmelt. Big city slams, Schmelt. How are ya now? Not so bad. Good and you? Not too bad. Have you shit yourself? You look like you've got an awkward boner. Don't. Don't what? Dan? Did you know that Daryl used to get boners every morning in grade nine during O Canada? No shit. Yep. Just could not get through O Canada without getting a boner. Give a young man 30 idle seconds and he's gonna get a boner. We talked about this. Is there something you want to talk about now? Well, pitter patter, let's get at 'er. Well, I was wondering if this year we could skip the birthday party? Skip your super soft birthday party? Are you fuckin' high? Hard no. Daryl's super soft birthday party? Every year, Daryl's mom used to throw him these birthday parties when he was a kid. Softest birthday party on planet Earth. Boy band karaoke, cupcake decoration station, charcuterie. One year, his mom had him a Make the world a better place party. One year they dressed a horse up like a unicorn and he was never really the same after that. It's not funny. I used to take a lot of teasing in school for those. Aw, should I get you a tissue, Sally? No, he'll have one in his purse. Or maybe his clutch. Party's happening, Daryl. You don't fuck with tradition. So. The agenda. After your dust up over the weekend, safe to assume you're fighting again? Corect. Tenfour, good buddy. Well, it's gonna be a busy week 'cause there's a few guys walking around town claiming to be the toughest guys in Letterkenny. I'm the toughest guy in Letterkenny. You were the toughest guy in Letterkenny. It's been some time. Now, it's safe to assume that that title is as important to you now as it was then? Does a duck with a boner drag weeds? Tenfour, good buddy! Then it's safe to assume that the challengers will be coming up around the farm, as that is how you've conducted business in the past. Well, I was never one for an audience. All right, let's talk about the challengers. First up, we've got Sled Ted. Why's he called Sled Ted? Well, he likes fixin' sleds, and ridin' sleds, and talkin' about sleds. He just really likes sleddin', boys. Uh, he beat up a guy named Basic Jay. Why's he called Basic Jay? 'Cause he's a fuckin' basic. And now he thinks he's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. After that, we got Rat Ass. Why's he called Rat Ass? 'Cause he's got a hairy ass like a rat. Can confirm. He beat up a guy named Brains. See, his name's Brian but he spelt it Brain in the computer at bowling one time. It just kinda stuck. Now he thinks he's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. And after that, we got Joint Boy. Because he smokes lots of joints, Dairy. Well, just plucking the low hanging fruit is what that is. I've seen that guy take on four bouncers at the rippers one time. He is otherworldly. Got a dome on him like an Easter Island statue. Is he single? Not that it matters, I guess. Look, keep it at the end of the lane way. No degens on the property. That's a Texas size 104. Over and out. Well, this is annoying. The fuck are they doin' out there? They're scared of you. This snipe is a fuckin' sniper. Snipe's a fuckin' beauty. Fuckin' look at this snipe. Fuckin' love this snipe. We're snipe selling, boys. Dirty fucking dangles, boys. You're a sniper. You're a snipe. You're a skirt, you pansy. If you make me walk up the lane way again, we're having babies. Put it out! Put it out! Put it out! Fuck! Fuck! Those boys need to give their balls a tug. Maybe, check, make sure they're still attached right quick. I'd rather put a mirror down there and see what's what. One time, my cousin. He tore open his ball sack trying to do a skateboard trick and he had to show it to his mum. Was it his scrotal sack? Well, you know. That dangly piece of flesh, what hangs down behind the penis. Scrotal sack. The nut sack. So, he tore his ball sack open trying to do a skateboard trick and he's gots to show it to his mum because apparently one of his testicles was showing. Was it the right one or the left one? Why is that of importance? Well, because the left one has more sperm in it. Spermatozoa is what it's called. Tell you what, if I ripped open my ball sack trying to do a skateboard trick, I'd be more worried about seeing my vas deferens. Well, you'd have to tear your ball sack pretty near wide open doing a skateboard trick if you wanted to see your own vas deferens. I'm not sure I wanna see my own vas deferens I think if I saw my own vas deferens, I'd be quite worried. I'd be most worried if I tore my ball sack open trying to do a skateboard trick if I could see my accessory glands. Well, you don't want to go too kooky with accessories on your truck. Or your jeep. It's okay with like, a quad, though, like my buddy Big T's got a snorkel kit on his and that's pretty punk rock. What's an accessory gland? Well, if your vas deferens is your sperm ducts, the accessory glands is what supplies lubricant to the sperm duct. I think if I ripped open my ball sack trying to do a skateboard trick, I'd be most worried about seeing my seminal vesicles. Oh, like the Florida State seminal vesicles? Like the sack that hangs behind your vas deferens and contains fructose which is energy for the sperm. Yeah, it's like when you go in the city there and they got them charge stations for the people that drive the electric cars. That's pretty much your seminal vesticles. I thought it was pretty funny when I said Florida State seminal vesicles and nobody laughed. Hello. Okay. End of the lane way. Don't come up the property. Good. Sled Ted's here. Geez, Basic Jay must have been a shit fighter to lose to that asshat. I've known Basic Jay to be a pretty tough dude. He's not really a fuckin' basic. Guess he could have had a cold. Or the flu. Sled Ted had Bigfoot hands. Yeah, he's a big grimy brute. Shit fighter, though. Do you guys remember the fragrance Brut? Or Actif Brut? Yeah. Yeah, they still make that. I always enjoyed that fragrance. You can use it to dry up zits too. Did you know you can use shaving cream to get permanent marker off your hands? Why wouldn't you just dip your hands in the parts cleaner? Well, most people don't have a parts cleaner. Well, most likely Rat Ass will be your next dude. I hear that he is a greaser. Can confirm. So fuckin' greasy I almost don't want to. I saw him with his shirt off, swimming at the gravel pit not that long ago. His back acne was extraordinary. Well, like, extraordinary how? Well, like, I thought about it for a while after is all. Well, elaborate, 'cause I'm likely gonna have to touch it. Well, like how it was cultivated. Well, by not showering likely. Likely. Did you know that men can wear the fragrance CK ONE as well as women? Yeah. Yeah. That's 'cause it's an unisex fragrance. It says that right on the bottle. But would ya? Oh, negative. Me neither. Would you wear Gap Dream?. No! No, no, Dairy, that's for girls. Dairy, that's for girls. You can't walk around smelling like pretty girls. You're not wearing it right now, are you? Cologne is too expensive. I just use sunscreen. Banana Boat. Let's get into some of those fuckin' all dressed chips. Jesus, Katy, put some fuckin' clothes on. Not my forte. Unfortunate. Hey, neighbor said he's not gonna give us a horse this year. What? Well, he said that last year we returned him and his breath smelled like alcohol. Well, it was probably mine. You could have lit my breath on fire the next day. Horse was half cut though. He said that he's gonna give us a donkey. Nope. Might be funny. Gotta be a horse. You don't fuck with tradition. You're really gonna pump the brakes on a donkey dressed up like a unicorn? Oh, I'm stompin' the brakes. You put that idea right through the fuckin' windshield. But it's a donkey dressed up like a unicorn. Katy! Well, it's better than a kick in the pants. Do you want this to be the softest birthday party ever or not? I want this just as much as you do. Well, then find us a horse. Please and thank you. And don't stay out in the sun too long. Your skin will look like an old saddle bag. Yeah. Hello. Okay. End of the lane way. Don't come up the property. Good. Rat Ass is here. Keep it standing. This goes to the ground, we stand up. Okay. This goes to a clinch, we separate. Great. Let's go! All right. So, hit me. Fight him or shut the fuck up. I'll give you a free one. What the fuck is this? Let's fuckin' do this. Just fuckin' square off. Hey! He's pulling hair, he's pulling hair. Break 'em up, break 'em up. Come on, come on!. I'm gonna clock this shitty wolverine. Hit me. Come on. I love pain. Look at the execution, boys. Look at the hustle, boys. Ding. You guys made the liquor run, right? I was Donny Drives the car. I was Nicki Navigates. But, uh. We couldn't find a lot of the stuff on the list. Yeah. Like what? Uh, well. Uh, there's ingredients that I don't think you can get in Letterkenny. Yeah. So, go to the city. Yeah, but we got practice in a couple of hours. We're gonna crush a couple sandos before, too. Grab some nappies, maybe? We haven't had our pregame naps either. Nappies are nappies. Ferda. Ferda. Well, we need everything on the list. So, what drinks do you need ingredients for? Uh, Corebelo Love Potion. Uh, Purple Passion Punch. Lemon Gingerini. Apricot Toblerone Cocktail. Couldn't find a Flirtini. Couldn't find Sparkling Mango Sorbet Float. Don't. Don't know really what that is. Well, that's all of them. Ye. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look, I have about a million things to do if this is gonna be the softest birthday party ever. If you guys don't get me everything on the list, you'll be pulling each other's horns from now on. Pitter patter! So far! Fuck, was he a beaker. Like, he would not stop beaking. That shit is the worst. That was right to stick to the task at hand, pal. Keep your trap shut. Throw bombs. I wouldn't say shit if my mouth was full of it. I haven't seen that many hits since Good Charlotte played Warped Tour. Yeah, more like. Not very Good Charlotte. I always liked NOFX. YESFX. Big fuckin' day, Dairy. Big fuckin' day! Big fuckin' day! Ow. Happy birthday, it's your special day Dairy. Birthday beats! Birthday beats! Ow. Oh, that's not polite, Katy. You really are a Sally. That's the most action I've seen since I gave the dairy cows' teats a good scrubbin'. I don't need to know that. You're pretty good at wrestling there, Katy, and that's what I appreciates about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Let's go easy over there, squirrelly Dan. Yeah. Oh, hey, look at you, ground. So, tell me about this guy, Joint Boy. Well, I'm not gonna sugar coats it for you, Wayne. This guy looks like an Australian rugbies player, chiseled out of stones. Uhoh. Got legs on him like tree trunks. Is that a deciduous tree or a coniferous tree? What? Well, there's a difference. If we're talking about, like, a maple tree, which is thick and deciduous or a Christmas tree, which is thin and coniferous. Yeah, but both is hards and mades of woods, right? There's a difference is all I'm saying. What type of tree is a coconut tree? It's a palm tree. How do you know? Well, like the Internet. Oh. Anyways, backs to Joint Boy. How come I've never heard of him before? Oh, he just gots out of jail. He was arrested for assaults after he beats the shits out of a guy for pushin' up on his sister. Got this big entourage of guys, baldheaded, bearded dudes what looks like a whole bunch of surly uncles. You think we should call The Ginger? Mmm. No. Why not? He's tougher than hell. Yeah, but. Well, like you heard he fucked an ostrich, right? He what? He fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. How does a fella get caught up in that sort of business? Well, I guess his cousin had an ostrich farm when he thought it might be fun to fuck one. Allegedly. So, he got hard somehow and he fucked an ostrich. That's fucked. That's a felony. So, we use him in emergencies only, then. I should say. Dairy. Hey, Dairy. This one's for you. Oh. Hey, Joint Boy's here. Which one of youse is Wayne? We got some business. You're interrupting a party for my best pal that my little sister worked pretty hard to put on. Hold it. May I sort this out now, please? Goddamn right you may. Thank you. Don't lose. You had yourself a scrap the other weekend at Modean's. What's it to ya? You left the dude pretty banged up. I heard he kicked a slow learning fella in the bum while he was havin' a piss. Now, that slow learning fella is my second cousin. Okay. Being the toughest guy in Letterkenny is important to me. I'm sure it is to you too but we're all hicks here. And you've done me a favor, so I'd be willing to shake your hand and call it a day. I didn't do you no favors. 'Cause I don't know who the fuck you are. We done talking? You wanna come to a super soft birthday party? Happy birthday, Dairy. It's really more for them, ain't it? What is?. All this. No, it's not. It's cream cheese. No. That's cream cheese. No. Yeah, that's cream cheese. Just go. Jesus! You remember they weren't allowed to have birthday parties growing up. They had to go bucky at mine. All they do is go alls out, don'ts they?. That's a Texas size 104. You know, if Joint Boy and his pals hadn't showed up, I figure this would have been the softest birthday ever. That's a small victory for you, I suppose. I was worried. Thought I might have to get Stewart and the Skids to come over here and start hoovering up that white powder of theirs. Anything for a little bit of an edge, am I right?. The white stuff. The snooter. The devil's dandruff. The dander. I. I hoovered up a bit of the schneef in my day. You ever hoovered barnyard schneef? I've hoovered behind the manure pile schneef. You ever hoovered schneef off a sleeping cow's spine? I've hoovered schneef off of an awake cow's teat. What are the odds that I ride him home bareback? Gonna hurt your balls, bro. Good going. Oh, yeah. You ever hoovered library schneef? I've hoovered schneef off of the cover of Gordon Korman's This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall. You wanna come home with me? You can sleep in my bed. He'd break it. He'd break your bed. His dick alone would break your bed. I saw that too. I. Yeah. It was really big. You ever hoovered Sunday school schneef? I've hoovered schneef off the collection plate in the rectory. Do you know what dick dingers are? Yep. You know that movie with the guy who whispers to horses. Brokeback Mountain? No. No. That's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. A couple hockey players come up to the produce stand the other day. Bye! Can't believe your sister's still dating these nut sacks. Wayne. How're you now?. Good and you? Not so bad. Hi, Katy. Go home, Daryl. Nice onesie. Does it come in men's? Oh, I think you cum in men enough for all of us. I think you better come in my. I mean, you better come. I think you better come say that to his face, you fucking hicks! Nice execution. You're doin' terrific. Hey, I heard about your breakup, buddy. She was your sweetie for five years, right? Your high school sweetie, right? What's it to ya? Heard she cheated on you, buddy. That's a real kick in the knackers, bro. Just a real ouchie, bro. It's too bad she taught you not to fight anymore, buddy. 'Cause that's a fight on sight for you and her new guy, buddy. Fourth line for life, bro. Maybe, if you'd ever been in a real fight, you might not be so keen for another. What did you say? You heard me. Hold my spitter. Darts off, boys. You looking for a tilly, buddy? Let's have a donnybrook. Pump the brakes. You take your shirt off, but leave your sunglasses on? What sort of backwards fuckin' pageantry is that? Do you want to fight with those shades or play pokerstars.com? Hold my spitter. Dude, I can't hold your spitter. You're holding my spitter. Just put the spitters down. Ticktock. Go time! Go time! Look at that fuckin' treasure trail. What's up with your fuckin' body hair, big shoots. You look like a 12yearold Dutch girl. Your aesthetician quaff that for you?. You can kiss my assthetician. You guys do cross fit? You can crossfuckoff. Cross fart. How many times you pulled your horn today, bud? What? Oh, she's bashful. Oh, come on, kitten. I won't tell anyone. Ball park six to eight? You're a fucking animal. Play a little five on one. Hit the kitchen, mix a batch. Feed the ducks. Distribute some free literature. Go time! Fuckin'. Shed 'em! Riley! Jonesy! Put your fuckin' shirts on! Get outta here!. This isn't over! Jinx. You owe me a Coke. Never buy you a Coke. It's a hard life pickin' stones and pullin' teats but sure as God's got sandals it beats fightin' dudes with treasure trails. Hi, Katy. We're out of yogurt. I brought some from home. So why didn't you stay there and eat it. Mornin' Dary. Mornin'. Thank you. Welcome. So, you talked to Angie yet? It's been almost a month now. Think you need to get back on the horse. She stepped out on you. Can't go back to that and get any respect. Not in Letterkenny. Wayne, Angie did you a lot of good. Somewhere along the way you kinda got soft. You're not even fighting anymore. You know what you need? Sex. With a girl. Not just any girl. A good Christian girl. I think I can help you. I've been going to the Burning Bush Youth Group every Sunday. I think you should come with me. I think you should just eat your yogurt. There's millions of starving kids in the world. Yeah? Name ten. You need a distraction. Something fun. Look at this. It's called Tinder. Look, see there's all these girls and if you don't like one, you just say nope and move onto the next. But if you do like one, then you can see how close they are and I don't know, maybe meet up or whatever. So if you like 'em you just type 'em out a message or what's the scoop? Yeah. You just, you know, say something like. Like, On a scale of one to America, how free are you right now? Oh, Jesus! Look at these nut sacks. Why do you hate them so much? 'Cause hockey players would grab a monkey by the tit if they could. Smokes are for jokes, bud! Put it out before it puts you out, bud! Trash the ash, pal! Ouch! Put it out! Put it out! Put it out! Put it out! Tell the fish hook story, Dan. It's really more of a Wayne story. Yeah, but he won't tell it. Oh, you've heard it a baker's dozen times. Tell the story or he won't shut up. Is there anymore trail mix? It's in the house. Yous makes the most delicious trail mix, Katy, and I got to say that's what I appreciates about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Pitterpatter, squirrely Dan. So, as the story goes, Wayne hucks an egg at a truck with a Confederate flag in the back windshield and the driver's fumin' pissed. So, we flee the scene goin' full tilt like a Peterbilt, right? Now, The Federales catch up to us and chase us through a few backyards before we scamper up into some trees and all Wayne's got on is a pair of cutoff jean shorts so he ain't exactly super jazzed about the situation, was you Wayne? Oh, I'm no DJ Jazzy Jeff. The Federale pulls out his Taser, and he points it up at Wayne and says some real Clint Eastwoodsounding shit. He says to Wayne, he says, If I'd known I was going to run into some uptown street toughs today, I'd have done up my top button.. That's from a John Wayne motion picture. No, Cool Hand Luke. Pert near anything Kevin Costner, really. Either way, I's impressed and I'd let out an audible gasp so he hears me, spins around, aims the Taser up at me and lets fire, and if that thing doesn't latch onto my nipple ring, which I'm pretty sure amplified the electric current, he sent coursing through my entire body. And they just walked over and yanked that thing out of my nipple like it was a goddamn fish hook. At least that's according to my cousin. Well, you know, my second cousin. Who, Garrett? No, Jarrett. Huh. I cried. I'm not even ashamed to admit that. That was well brought up. Too bad you weren't. I should say. Thirsty Thursdays, boys. Might as well get balls deep in a bottle of Gus'n Bru tonight. It's a four leaf clover. Make a wish. Wish you weren't so fucking awkward, bud. Is Angie working?. Better have a peeksee, Wayne. How are yous?. Not too bad. Good. And you? Not too bad. Smells like someone's in their barn clothes. It's Dary. Four shots of Gus'n Bru, please and thank you, One for you, too, Gailor. Thank you, Wayne, but I'm off the sauce. Taking eight vitamins a day now. What are you taking? I'm taking multivitamin, fish oil, vitamin C, vitamin D, two vitamin B complexes and two ColdFX's. Yeah, but 'cept how many darts though? Twenty, 25 darts. Oh, you got 'er down then? Last I seen ya, you were on a pack and a half of smokes. Well, sometimes, I'll have a pack and a half of smokes, but never more than two packs of smokes. Good enough. All right. Won't be rude. I'd hang a piss. Oh, fuck. I'm about to give birth to a pound of fudge. Wayne. McMurray. How're ya now? Good 'n you? Not so bad. Seen Angie, with her new dude? What a fuckin' dandy. Yeah. He's got fugazidiamonds in both ears and leprechaun buckles on his shoes. Running a fuckin' DippityDoo convention upstairs for a salad. Driving a '94 Jeep YJ with a wave decal on the side. Enough cologne to offend a Bangkok lady boy. Good enough. Do you want to hear the best part? You really wanna hear the best part. Okay. He went full Bieber eyes. What? Bieber eyes. Wayne. Wayne. Wayne, look. It's inappropriate, McMurray. Wayne, just look for fuck's sake. Just fuckin' look, Wayne. Full Bieber eyes. What's that? Bieber. The pop star. I'm not familiar with his work. This must be where the dicks hang out, eh? Our dicks hang out. Yours is like a mushroom in a corn field. Mind your fuckin' business, Alexander. Seen Angie with her new dude? What a fuckin' dandy. Eyes on your own work there, super chief. Thank Christ, Wayne, I'm pushing clobs here. Get outta the way, I'm growing a tail. Wayne, I would like to cordially invite you to the Burning Bush Youth Group this Sunday, for an evening of song and praise. Hard no. My sweetie, Margaret, is a first class gal. She's got some friends she can introduce you to. Margaret? Sounds like a biddy old bluehair'd. She's not. She's a very focused young woman on the path to eternity with Christ. And which part of that appeals to you? I like singing the songs. Sort yourself out. You're a pervert, Daryl. Jesus, your breath could stop a Mack truck right now. All right, cool it. What say, we go for a quick ice run, Wayne? I'm pushing up on you for years now. What's say you give old Gailor one for the scrapbook? Huh? I'll do the Youth Group. All right. Gail, looks like the John's allergic to fudge. Bring the plunger, we may have to break this one up. Told you to flush as you go. Fuck. Hi, Daryl. Christ be with you. Margaret. And you must be Wayne. Mmmhmm. Christ be with you, Wayne. Hello. How are yous? Oh, not s'bad. Good 'n you? Perfect. You made a good choice coming here, tonight. Yeah? Why is that? Hold your finger here for as long as you can. What for. All right. Now imagine, your soul engulfed in that for all of eternity. Okay. God is good. That's how they get you. Wayne's been going through a bit of a rough break up, and I thought a night at the Burning Bush might help him out. Plus, it's better than spending all his time on Tinder. Tinder? Did you know that it was originally called Grindr and that it was made for gay men to sodomize each other? No. Yeah. Good way to get a finger in your bum. Or a tongue in your bum. Do you know what Dick Dingers are? No. It's when they snort drugs off of each other's erect penises. That have just been in bums. Oh, my gourd! Look at this turnout. Hi, everybody. Quick question for all y'all. How good is God? I know, I know, I love him. He's the best. There's almost no one I like more. Second question, has anyone seen. Where is my beautiful girlfriend, Virginia? Ginny, where are you?. There she is, Ginny, come on up here. Come up, Ginny. Oh, ugh, Ginny. Ginny, Ginny, Ginny. Hmm. I still remember, like it was yesterday, the day that the Lord gave you to me. And he said, Glen, this is your blank canvas, it is pale. It is colorless, it is almost cardboardlike. I want you to give it life, to give it color. And so I said to the Lord, I will give it everything, everything. Except for one thing. What was that question? Uh, hmm? Vaginal intercourse! Guess what, boys and girls? You're in for somethin' special, 'cause we got The Salty Treats. What the actual fuck is this place? Why can't you just enjoy yourself? It's 'cause I get onto this Tinder thing, and now they tell me it's for finding dudes. But that's some bullshit, right? I don't know. You want some strawberry lemonade? I haven't seen this sort of fuckin' bedlam since we fired Roman Candles at coyotes that night and caught one right in the butt hole, fuck. Ran up the back porch, dropped seven shades of shit in Dad's work boots. Could have been a wolf. There's wolf's in the back bush. There's for sure mooses. Have a dart. Yeah, I'd have a dart. Oh, fuckin' Grindr. Grindr?. Grindr. What? Pray tell, what are you doing on Grindr, Wayne? What are you skids doing out of your parents' basement, Stewart? The gang and I have been doing hiphop karaoke for the better part of 48 hours. Out on the decks. Ones and twos. The entire 48. Subsequently spittin' hot fire. Playing MegaMan and Final Fantasy on original NES. Pokmon Gold, on GameBoy Color. Gotta catch 'em all. Bulbasaur, Ivysaur, Venusaur, Charmeleon, Charizard, fuckin' Charmander. Fuckin' Charmander. Time to take about 20% off on the meth intake, boys. Ever played Dr. Mario on Super NES?. Game is full of subliminal messages. Hunter S. Thompson would have had a field day. Hunter S.? Charles Bukowski. Oh, yes, Chuck Bukowski. That's a better one, Stewart. Ever played Aladdin on original Sega G? Coffee? Tea? Sega? Lion King was far ahead of its time. Makes you think far beyond your years. Disney games prevail! You got any weed? I always regret coming to the surface with you, daywalking hicks. The minutiae of your world. My basement resembles an island Xanadu, in comparison. Okay. Ah, but some quick math tells me this time, however, you've been so agonized by a woman you're now seeking the company of men. Oh, okay. We've all thought about it. Well, good on you for doubling down. Although, I didn't peg you for a pipe fitter, Wayne. Pegged! Five years with Angie, we figured you were a concrete clam slammer. Why drink from the furry cup when the garden hose is right there? Who knew he liked the chutney ferret, eh fellas? Fuckin' what? Knob jockey. Back door bandit. I'm gay, but donut puncher! Just gimme my phone. Oh, yeah, sure thing. Oklahomo. Rear admiral. Uphill gardener. Bum bumper. This is awkward for me, you guys. Hey, it's okay. We know, and we support you. All right. Donald Trump of rump! Phone. Okay. But only because you have this weird. Menergy. Menergy! About you. Sorry. That's a great name for a spa. Oh, stop it. You know I love ripping didge. If you don't change your attitude you're gonna lose out on all the girls. Like the 12yearolds or the 13yearolds?. Well, have you noticed all the wellgroomed dudes here?. You missed the best part. Glen just did his didgeridoo solo. Well, that's pretty much it. You guys wanna get some milk shakes? I think Modeans is open. Boy, howdy. Well, well, well. Daryl, girl, Wayne. Bit surprised to see you here, I'm being honest. Didn't realize you were big fan of the didge. Aw. More of a didgeredon't? What do you do with the fertile, Wayne? Didn't I just catch you cruisin' Grindr? Come again? Hey, shouldn't you boys be watching Friday Night Lights with a gym sock on your joy stick? Chirp Tim Riggins. I fuckin' dare you. Mix in a little One Tree Hill and maybe some Gossip Girl. But I think we've got bigger fish to fry right here. Looking for love over the rainbow now, are we Dorothy? I hate you, but can confirm deer season's over. He's hunting bear now. I fuckin' hate you too. However, fuckin' hate him more. And I just found out he's ambidextrous. What are they talking about, Wayne?. He likes dicks now. In his bum. Or his mouth. All over. Oh, my God. That's Angie's new boyfriend? Oh, that's that city boy. What a skirt. What a shit. Fuck, Lemony Snicket, what a series of unfortunate events you fuckin' been through, you ugly fuck. Boulevard of Broken Dreams. Fuck you, Stewart. Hey, fuck you. Yeah, fuck yourself. You must be having a fun night. Ur bro is gay. LMFAO. In all caps, from Riley. Wayne? You remember when you were 19, those worm pickers kept coming in the night and trampling on our beans? What did you do? Dug six foot holes, put a skunk in each one and waited for them to fall in. Remember when the skids egged Daryl on his bike? What did you do? Put some stink bombs in a Nerf gun and fired it at them on prom night. Remember when you came in from chorin' and found those messages on my computer from a guy calling me a slut? I wanted a piece of that guy for a long time. You drove over to his house and broke his nose on his front lawn. You know, I miss that Wayne. I think a lot of people do. It's for the better. This is Sparta! Ow! Fuck! What the hell are you doing? I'd ask you the same thing, you fuckin' tit. I'm taping an idiot. I'm not sneaking up on dudes and starting fights. I'm not fightin' ya. I'm smackin' ya. Oh, that's right. You don't fight anymore, do you? I figured I'd have one on deck for sure after I stole your girl. Nothin', eh? No move? She must've trained you well. So what's it gonna take to get you back on the horse there, champ? Do I go inside and spread Angie right out on the bar when she gets here? I've fucked your girl more times than you've had a hot meal. Maybe your sister wants to join us. It's Katy, right? Shit. Why don't I go over there and ask her myself? Pull your pants up, Alexander. You've come this far. Welcome to fuckin' Letterkenny. Good to have you back, big brother. Hi, Katy. Go home, Daryl. Bye, Wayne. Have a good one bro. Bye, Wayne. See you later, buddy. A bit of fuss down at the church the other day. Glen. Wayne. How are you now?. Good, and you? Oh, not so bad. Ooh, look what you brought with you. Hello, Daryl. Oh, fuck. Fuck, you're naked as a jay bird. Wayne, it's humid. It's the humidity. Y'all might want to think about doing the same thing, just pop your pants right off, that way no one gets sticky. Nope. It's not so bad. What's the fuss? Ma O'Dell mentioned something about you helping her get a squirrel out of her attic. I'm faced with a similar conundrum. Right over there. It seems some kinda rodent's made his home over there. I have not seen him, but I sure can smell him. Hum. It's a possum. Hmm. Possum. That's right. Oh, pitter patter, let's get at 'er. Do you wanna know what? I'd reach into a pirate hooker's chamber pot before I'd reach in there. And I'm going to tell ya. Possums are immune to snake venom. They could probably survive a nuclear blast. I think it's pronounced newcuelar. Mmm, but it isn't. They're mutants. They have forked fuckin' penises. We should all be so lucky. They do this thing called 'Playing Possum' where they appear dead and emit a death stink from their butt holes, fuck. I found one playing possum one time, thought it was dead and buried it. It dug itself out a few hours later and fucked a hen right in front of her chicks. Wayne, think about the swear jar. You're putting so much money in. All right, let me take peek see? Pitterpatter. Always had a skilled hand in wrangling vermin. Thank you, Daryl. And that doesn't surprise me. No sweat. No sweat? In this heat? That is rich and it's funny. Honestly though, just take off your jumper. I'll hold it for you. You crawl up in there, no one gets dirty. Glen? Glen? Yes. Let's take about 20% off 'er up there, all right? Now, you wanna have an eye because he'll come out meaner and spit and go like a hot damn. Is he likely to bite? Is a duck's ass watertight? Get ready to give him the size nine's if he jukes by me. How be I give him the size twelve and a halfs instead? Oh, I see him. That's some drunk evolution right there, bud. You gotta wonder what two Christmade miscreants mated to make that. It's almost not worth thinkin' about. Do I just reach for him? That's a better idea than going in head first. Put him where? Under my boot. Boys, just do your best not to make too big a mess, all right? And I'm sorry again about all this heat. Whoohoo! Oh, for fucksakes. Ow. You wish there was a Pied Piper for possums, but there isn't, so you're gonna have to just keep pickin' 'em off with the .22. Buckle up 'cause they're fuckin' ugly. Of course, that's not to say I have it all my damn self. Is that a herpe on your hand, Daryl? Did you pay a little extra to go all the way with a ripper in the back room again?. No, I don't think he'd make that mistake twice. Got a little trouser trauma? Was she fun or was she fungal? Hey, guess what? A guy's girlfriend is having a hard time parking the car, right? He says, You should get tested. She says, Well no, I'm not so bad at driving. He says, No, I have chlamydia. Is that a bite? The guy takes a hooker out for supper. He gave her his peas, she gave him herpes. Daryl, what happened? Did something bite you?. A possum. A possum?. That's right. Well, he could have rabies. Boo fuckin' hoo. No, rabies is serious. It attacks the central nervous system. If he gets puke between the floor boards it ain't coming out. Well, I can't take him to the clinic. I gotta do an ice run for the jamboree this week. Oh, Christ. Well, Daryl, we're gonna have to take your van. Oh, yeah? Where's your nut sack boyfriend's today, Katy? They're at an away game against the Natives. Oh, I bet they're looking forward to playing those tough pricks. Christ. You sure you're ready to saddle up to the jamboree again? It was kind of you and Angie's thing. No sense sittin' on my hands. Time to find a new dance partner. All right, Daryl. Pitterpatter. Hey, why are crabs always so tired? It's 'cause they only sleep in snatches. Hey, wait a minute. We're. We're missing two schmelts. Where are Deetzy and Burnsy? Oh, looks like a bad case of the Native flu, bro. What's the Native flu? You're an idiot. The Natives are tough as hell. So another way to say someone is chickenshit to play them is to say they have the Native flu. Mix in a fuckin' clue, brotato chip. Keep those fucking bags up, schmelt. Wayne. Bonnie, how are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. This isn't all for you, is it? It sure is. Is it for the jamboree? If we ever get it there. Save me a dance? Yup, sure. Thank you. I've always wanted to dance with you, Wayne. Oh, yeah? We've all been watching you and Angie dance for so long thinking when's it gonna be our turns? Oh, yeah? But trust me, watching was enough. You used to move her body around like it didn't weigh a feather. Well, you know, I think I got about a dozen baker's dozen here I guess we could just scan them and then I'll get out of your hair. Oh, yeah, I'll scan them. Okay. It's broken. It'll be our little secret. Okay, sit down. Oh. Stewart? Katy? You look grisly. You look beautiful. But I can't quite see you right now. What's wrong with you? Meth?. I don't know what you're talking about. You're not a teenager anymore. It's not charming. I use to charm you? Wrong takeaway. You know, you're not a fuckin' idiot. You could turn it around if you wanted to. You know, I remember sneaking into your parties when I was 15, stealing your mixtapes. All your own music. I was really impressed. Guess those days are over, though. All right, Dairy, let's go. Dairy, come on. And yeah. You did use to charm me. McMurray, how're ya now? Not so bad, and you? Not so bad. I see you back to the jamboree, now. A few weeks off there. Oh, you noticed. Well, it's hard not to notice all that Scottish tartan plaid you seem to enjoy so much. I wanted to talk about something important. Okay. My sister Bonnie is back from college, and she's a damn fine woman. Oh, yeah. I just seen her down at the dollar store, there. You sure it was her? I mean, last time I seen her last she was in a kind of a DIY maxi dress, but she may have added a crochet pattern sweater on account of the breeze. Maybe autumn foliage or an Algonquin green? Okay. I think she'd be a damn fine match for you, Wayne. That's if you're ready. You know, 'cause of Angie and all. She's a lovely girl. No, you go ahead. That is if you. But you started, you mind finishing? Oh, it's just, was gonna say the space, looks, looks nice and clean without the. Yup. Run pretty good. Well, all right. All right. Yeah. Hey, uh, I'll let you carry on. It's a good box of ice. Yeah. Yeah, good to see you. Have a good one. Hey, wait. You save her dance now, eh, big boy? Good enough, McMurray. Atta boy. Does that taste right? Ya, okay. Mmm. I think so, I don't know, I don't know. I've had an epiphany! Uh, can you taste this? No. Never again. Okay, okay, okay, then, can you snort it? No. I've given up on the meth business. I'm going back to the turntables. Hmm? Back to the ones and twos. For what? To become a superstar DJ. Oh, okay, okay, uh. But first, can you. Let's just try. No. I need you guys to tell everyone you know that I am hosting a rave in Letterkenny, and I will be spinning under all of my aliases. How many aliases have you had? DJ Pimpy Longstockings, DJ Peter Blumpkin, DJ White Power Nap, DJ White Power Bottom. They'll all be there!. All of them. Mmmmmm, so you're quitting the meth business? I've quit the meth business. But Menergy Spa is still like, a thing though, right? Well, how are you going to get people to come? I'll post it on my fuckin' Facebook. And you guys will post it on your fuckin' Facebooks. Wayne. Christ, Katy, put some fuckin' clothes on. Not my forte. Unfortunate. What are you doing? Well, I think it's pretty obvious that I'm moving hay bales from here over to here. Although, that one's a straw bale. Why? Well, pick up your fuckin' phone. McMurray's been trying to reach you all day. McMurray. At least I was yesterday! How're ya now? Not so bad and you? Not so bad. Listen, Wayne. I've gotta cancel the Jamboree here. The Ag Hall's been booked up. For the whole week? Yes, sir. That's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and guess what else? Sunday. What for? Uh, Stewart. He's throwing a rave. I don't know, he says he needs time to set up or something like that. Said something about a glow stick Segway saunter across the rainbow road level of Mario Kart for Nintendo 64? I don't know, what the fuck. And you greenlit that tomfuckery? Had to. Agricultural Hall is low on funds. Allday bookings is a big boost for us. So, I couldn't say no. Agricultural Halls are for Agricultural music. Not for fuckin' raves. Well, that's no way to get your communication badge, boy scout. Dairy. DARYL ON. Wayne. Clinic. Pick up. Not feel good. Well, he's not gonna get his communication badge, either. Dairy. What's the fuss? Good 'n you? Where you goin'? I don't know where I am. Don't look at your hand. What's the fuss? Think I have rabies. Oh, boo fuckin' hoo, big shootsywootsy. But 'cept do you wanna know what? What's that? Nabbing that possum was kind of a thrill. I think I could start a pest removal business. Oh, Daryl, that's just silly. But 'cept do you wanna know what? I'm gonna help you. You know Stewart's having a rave at the Ag Hall? Agricultural Halls are for agricultural music. Not for fuckin' raves. That's what I said. So here's what we're gonna do and I'm gonna tell ya. We're gonna wrangle as many of those critters as possible, and let 'em loose at Stewart's rave. How do we get the word out about the business? Oh, you'd have to put it on your fuckin' Facebook, likely. Over and out. Look at this bowl of fruit salad. You want a taste, Tanis? Ooh, better watch that bark there. Boy might get bit. What's going on here? You're looking a handful short. Caught a bad case of the Native flu, or what? You're drunk. Mix in a water. Well, it's either that or you're all tweaking down that meth town you come from. What did you say? Everyone knows Letterkenny has gone to meth. You guys a bunch of fuckin' basics. At least we keep it clean. We just sell cigarettes. Your town ain't nothing but a bunch of jackedup scab pickers. Yeah, we'll see what you're calling us after I bury a couple of bar down wristers. Halfclapper, top cheddar. Biscuits top titties, bar downskies. Always bar downskie. Pull out the guns. Safetys off. Fuckin' safety off, boys. A little threeononeskie? A little threeontwoskie? Hum a high hard one. Hit the red light district. You won't make it that far, slugger. You either, champ. Buckets off. Center ice. Puck drop. Shed 'em. Go me. A little fuck me, fuck you. Free nose jobs. Let's dance. Let's hit the dfloor. My balls dangle harder than you, boy. Like I thought, bad case of the Native flu. Devon, we're missing $2000. Really? It's a devastating blow to Menergy Spa, I know. Hey, I'll call Stewart. He'll fix everything. Hello? Stewart? Hey, Devon. Hey, we're missing 2k. Yeah, I took it for the rave. 2k? I don't think you understand. It's going to be a massive production. It's gonna be like an. Aurora Borealisthemed Salvador Dali drug orgy with shamans. But that's a lot of money. No time, I gotta go. Wayne. Daryl. Gailor, how are ya now? I'm on a juice cleanse. Haven't had a drink in three days. Had close to 30 shits, though. So what's the fuss? Well, timing's right for your new business. Saw it up on your fuckin' Facebook, there. Got a skunk sleeping underneath us, right now. Did you not know skunks are immune to bee stings? They even teach their babies how to raid beehives. And? Well, they burrow up for the winter, and rip farts on each other to keep warm. No way. Oh, yeah. They go to mate as soon as they leave their mom, so you know they're probably thinking about her during sex. That or their brothers and sisters which is even more inappropriate. Oh. There's one knocking. Make way. Well, pitterpatter. Can you take this one, please? Here's the deal. Stewart's rave is eating up all our money, and the business is failing without his expertise. We simply aren't making enough coin selling the Native's cigarettes. We need the meth. Menergy Spa is never going to happen at this rate. I officially move to boycott Stewart's rave, take it off our fuckin' Facebooks and sabotage it. All in favor say, Aye!. Aye! It's unanimous. How are we going to do this? We could put something on our Facebooks. We could say the Ag Hall has asbestos. Yes, asbestos. Everyone hates asbestos. Asbestos is the answer. Okay. Let's do that. Maybe you don't say asbestos anymore, though. Okay. Hey, Katy, you look beautiful. You look better. Um. I've come to cordially invite you to my rave tonight. Stewart. Fuck, greasiest skid I ever seen. Criss Angel mindfreak lookingmotherfucker. What are you thinking holding a rave at the Ag Hall? I'm thinking I'm doing the Agricultural Society a huge favor. You guys are going broke. Tits up or not, it's inappropriate. Why not the Legion? Or even upstairs at the arena? Or the fuckin' youth center. Because they're too small, shirttucker. Be prepared, because once this blows up they'll probably ask me to do it quarterly. Biweekly! Mmmhmm. Mmmhmm. We'll see if it blows up then. It'll probably be pretty tough to find me through the crowd. Stage security will be pretty tight but your name's on the guest list, and there's a backstage pass with your name on it. I'll do my best to make it down, Stewart. My ass. And just as a heads up, it is a rave, so there will probably be people on drugs. You know, MDMA. What? There's gonna be MDMA at the Ag Hall? Yes, there will be MDMA at my rave at the Ag Hall. There will be MDMA, DMT, PCP, LSD, LED and probably UFC. But I am clean and sober. You are spare parts, aren't you, bud? I truly hope to see you there. Watch your fuckin' hands, skid. Three, two. Fuckin' skids are turning Letterkenny into a gong show, buddy. Fucking gonger, buddy. I'm rattled about that meth chirp, brotein. Fuckin' Stewart, bro. Fuckin' Stewart, bro. There's fuckin' two in that pud, hey, boys? Put 'em away like a winter coat, boys. What the fuck was that? That was garbage. That was fuckin' pedestrian. All this beaking is kiddie pool shit. Is that what you want? Riley, Jonesy? Huh? You want to get dropped off at the splash pad on the way home, eh? Get mom and dad to pick you up after you all swim? No running on the deck, ya fuckin' pheasants. Fuck! Bag skate. Tomorrow, 00 a. m. Fuckin' embarrassing!. Hey, give your balls a tug, you titfucker! Fuck! You never looked so good. You never felt so good. I'm so proud of you, man. Save me a dance, Wayne. You look better. Where's Stewart, buddy? Where is he, bro? Rave's canceled. Go home. Bullshit, buddy. That's not what the poster says, buddy. I said, it's fuckin' canceled. Now quit your hollering before I get cross. Hey. When he give a warning, he don't repeat it. Yeah. Seven of us and two of you. It's a good time for a donnybrook, boys. Tilly time, boys. What the fuck are you pheasants doing out here? It's 10 minutes to curfew. You think you can dog fuck all night and then dance? Dog fuckin' means no dancin'. Get home! It's fuckin' embarrassing. Well, pitterpatter. This isn't over. Jinx, you owe me a Coke. Christ. McMurray. MCMURRAY : Wayne, I've been told the rave was a bust. Something about an asbestos scare or something. No one showed up. Sister Bonnie, though, she's still in there. About that dance you were going to save her. She'll be in a sort of golden poppy progressive onesie. Either way, you know, get in there, pal. Give 'er the guts. Okay. Bang the very guts right out of her. Okay. Just have at her, bud, like. The nutsack. Alley oop. This is a grotesquerie. It's off. We are going to make Letterkenny the biggest meth town in the whole country. I love Stewart! You were out gettin' good with your pals the other night. It's been so long since I've had a pair of tits in my hands, I popped a lap rocket opening up a can of tuna last Sunday morning. Oh, that's offputting. Not to old Gail, it isn't. I'd love to hear your big bang theory, Daniel. Ew. Print it. This is officially me callin' down for more mayo. That's clever. Do you like magic? Pop that purple home wrecker over here. I'll make her disappear. We should just be out there just pole vaultin' around town, boys. Wouldn't say no to a bit of toe curlin' and I don't mean maybe. It won't be long before you have the option. College and university kids will be home for the summer next week. Well, that should help your spring fever. Which is a serious condition if not handled appropriately. Miniskirt and Tbar season. Yup. By all means, ladies. Express yourselves. Go easy down there, Squirrely Dan. I suffered severely from the spring fever last year, had to go into full cougar mode with an 18yearold. Oh? May have been my second cousin. Oh. It was either that or be at home flickin' it to Grapefruit League baseball highlights. You know they're all gonna be in here lookin' for a bit of How's your father? Make sure your game is tight or you'll be home firing wristers. Firing what? Oh. What say we make this interesting. Whichever one of you grabs a tail first gets 50 bucks off their bar tab. In. That is a Texas sized 104. No, you two get after it. Here's a tip. When the gettin's good around here, stay close to your pal Wayne. Kid's got more spunk than a hotel room hand towel. Well, here's a tip. Don't fart in a spacesuit. Here's a tip. Don't sneeze when you're taking a piss. Here's a tip. It's really hard to get tuna out of your dick hole. This place is about to be crawling with snapper. Let's hope this is the last night you'll be going home to make a bald man puke. You naturally prefer companionship, but I guess there's a lot worse things than playing a little one man couch hockey in the dark. Wearing number 22 for the Tackville Tornados. Who fuckin' cares. Dig deep, bare down, you fuckin' hero. You're my fuckin' hero, twotwo. Nice flow, you fuckin' donkey. Take a lap. Hey, give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! What the fuck are you lookin' at, twos, huh? You lookin' at my cock, you fuckin' sally? Mix in some class, you fuckin' cock looker! You're a fuckin' cock looker, twotwo! Hey, shut the fuck up. You're a fuckin' hero, twos. Fuckin' suck at hockey, twotwo! Loser. Ever wonder why Katy doesn't come watch us play anymore, bud? Makes no fuckin' sense, buddy. Just fuckin' stud army born to go silky shelf. Silky studs. I mean Italian silk. Just rippin' ched. Just chuckin' mitts and suckin' tits. Tossin' mitties, suckin' titties. Just look at the snipers up there. Here to support the boys. Must be nice Ferda. Ferda. It'd be pretty sick to see Katy up there again. So sick. Atta be sures, eh? First thirsty Thursday of the season, boys. How's team morale? I'm most excited for Buck Hunter. Boy, I'm gonna tell ya that's what I'm gonna do, holy fuck. You guys know if Gail's making pickled eggs or pickled sausages? Bear in mind there is no wrong answer to this question. I'm gonna be posting up and looking for love, and I don't care who knows it. Don't set the bar too high, mutant. That's fair. You guys going to be wearing belts? Hard no. Why don't you guys wear belts? 'Cause we buy pants that fucking fit. Why would I buy a piece of leather that costs $25, when I have a perfectly good skate lace at home? $25? No. Fucking $25, you're lucky to have a $25 bill. Fuck, you've been to Winners lately? You're talking about $35, $45. Winners. Slow down there, Mr. Rocketfeller. I go down to the flea market at St. Jacobs, $25 could get you at least five belts. Plus, a commemorative belt buckle says, Jesus holds up my pants. For Sunday morning. Boy, howdy. Ten losses in a row, bro. Two's a streak, bro. Like where the fuck Schultzy been out there? Schultzy's dog shit. Soupy's a plug. Smitty's a pile. Millsy. Cartsy. Burnsy. Deetzy. Brooksy. Brooksy's got a herndog. Seridog? He's having offseason surgery for a sports herndog. He's out four to six. Four to six for. Best plan. Where's Coopsy been? Playing like poopsy. Playing like Milan Poocic. P. K. Pooban. And Ryan Poogent Hopkins. Pookka Rask. The brothers Miko and Saku Koipoo. Joke, bro. It's embarrassing. Katy! How come you don't watch us play anymore? 'Cause you're dog shit. We're not dog shit. I mean, the boys are dog shit. But we're pretty good. Is that why they always play and you guys never do? She might be onto something there, bro. Not seeing a whole lot of special teams time, buddy. I haven't killed a penalty all year. I mean, we wanna score goals, but we'd just end up killing them boys. Mmmhmm. Would you come watch if we play a regular shift? Duh. The fuck else am I going to do around here? Time to set up a meeting with the Coach. Buhdoo! We're the biggest Pantene pros in the league. Mix in some big minutes for a couple stick and pucksters. You guys don't give a shit about winning. You just like the hockey player lifestyle. You are posers. So what are we gonna do?. You need to get in shape! Study the tape! Play with some intensity! Hold my spitter. So basically what you are saying is. We're at this level. But we've got to get to this level. Done! You're a fucking beauty. Registered beautician. What do you guys think of the program? Well. Uh. Just kidding, I don't give a fuck. Gutty. Yeah, a little gutty. That's a little gutty. Fuck. That's when you cut off her balls. Cut off her balls? Correct. I think you mean, Cut off his balls.. Incorrect. Oh, no? Oh, yes. That is why you never give a sword to a hooker. Hey, Wayne. How many planets are there?. Well, with the whole Pluto debate. Give or take, eight planets. There'll only be seven after I destroy Uranus. Buy you a drink? Okay. Who's that?. Who? Kyle Schneidstiller's sister?. Is that who she is? That's Kyle Schneidstiller's little sister. You know, he's a decent dude. She's finer than frog hair. Have an eye for the fertility, boys. She's been knockedup twice. She's a oneshot Sally. Also. She dated Boots for a little while before he went to jail. You guys ever hear anything about that guy fucking an ostrich? No. The Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. It would take more than one guy to fuck an ostrich. We've heard that it was a sick ostrich. Well, it would take two guys to fuck an ostrich. Three even. Again, we're hearing it was a sick ostrich. Still, it's a threeman job to fuck one. But wait. Was that before or after he dated Kyle Schneidstiller's sister? Oh, it's almost not worth thinkin' about. Oh, we have an eye. She's sweet on you, Dary. Is that what she is? That's your next sweetie right there. Go talk to her. What's your logic there? You see what she's doing with her hair? That's called a hair show. When a gal's sweet on a guy, and she wants to get his attention, she just starts fucking with her hair whole bunch. What for? So you notice more about the way they look. Like how her face is framed with her hair up or down. And also make you think like. Well, I wouldn't wanna touch it. Well, yeah, I think I would like to touch it. Well, get after it. But don't lead with the touchin', though. All right. I will. Just, not just yet. Maybe after a couple. There. Okay, bro, workout program. Go. Gotta start with burpees, buddy. Just ripping burpee boxshums, buddy. 50 burpees, 50 pushups. 50 burpees, 50 pushups. Stairs. Protein break. Just ripping skull crashers. Just rippin' forced reps. Forced rep super sets. Bird up. Just rippin' antigravity press. Just rippin' Advanced Kettlebell Windmill. Just rippin' barbell halfsquats. Just rippin' drop sets. Just rippin' Swiss ball jackknifes. Just rippin' silly animal stack. Just rippin' bent over rear delt raise with head on bench. Fuckin' delts to die for, buddy. Just rippin' cable rope overhead tricep extensions. #Noexcuses. #Beachbody. Legs? Hate doing legs. Let's skip leg day. That's the best asswash of your life right there, boys. Good work, Shoresy. Look at the hustle on, Shoresy. Best asswash of your life. Ooh. Scored a perfect score in the bonus round. Don't think I've ever seen that before. Remember what happened here today. You can't forget something like that. Seen Angie in here with her new boyfriend again a couple nights ago. Oh, who gives a care. Remember I told you he was in a '94 Jeep YJ with a wave decal on the side? He made an upgrade. Short trip. Pulled in here with a 2003 aquamarine Audi wagon with a magenta Fear this sticker on the back. Ain't no reason to get excited. Came in here wearing a pair of Fandango pink pastel khakis with a white, gold leather chain fuckin' wallet, and a Creed Tshirt on. Remarkable. I know. He had a deep carrot orange fedora with a burnt orange stripe and a little cauliflower blue feather with a fucking, I don't know, looked like to me some kind of a blackbearded titmouse or some kind of shit. Did you know there's a type of bird called a Bushtit? I did not. It's a type of chickadee. He also had an imperial purple. That'll do, McMurray. Oh, I'm just sayin' it must suck balls to lose to a fucking douchebag like that. Hi. Heard you doin' all right at Buck Hunter. What say I give you a quick squeezer in the parking lot there, eh? Could be worse. Could indeed. There a vet around here, ladies? These puppies are sick. Christ, I would snort her dandruff. Dandruff is a fungus. I think you mean you'd sniff her flakes. Then you are giving me far too much credit, my boy. Oh, oh. Lookin' some comely tonight there, big fella. Do you wanna know what, Gail? I think you've got a case of the spring fever. Can I get you a drink? Okay. You see that one? She's like a Middle Eastern rebel army. 'Cause there's a political uprising in my pants. Well, shoulders back. Here she comes. Excuse me, boys. She's sweet on you. Get after it. You think so? You see what she just did? Touched your back and then, moved on? That's called the unnecessary squeezeby. Is that what it's called? Mmmhmm. You noticed she had about half a fuckin' soccer field to get past but instead leaned in close, got a bit handsy like there was only a tiny lane to get by? The unnecessary squeezeby. Go talk to her. Let's fire back a couple of shots first. Well, this is swiftly becoming a counterproductive practice, but okay. Look at Coopsy out there. Just dog shit. You mean Claude Girpoo? Roberto Pooongo. I mean, look at you. You're fuckin' Kenny coasttocoast out there, buddy. You're Harry HighSock buddy. Cory clap bombs. Thank you. Sniper. Snipe! Didn't your coach tell you to get in shape? It's our cheat day. We'll be rippin' silly plyometrics right after this so they cancel each other out. Then it's arms. Just rippin' concentration curls. Just rippin' cross body hammer curls. Just rippin' alternate dumbbell bicep curls. Just rippin' lying close grip bar curl on high pulley. Just rippin' alternate onearm dumbbell preacher curls. Just rippin' standing onearm bicep curl over incline bench. You're an idiot. We're smokebombing over to throw some weights around now. You wanna come? Okay. Ninja dust. Resistance training! Muscle atrophy! Take some snaps of us, snipe. Yeah, take some snaps for our Facebooks, snipey! Take your shirts off. Tarps off, boys. Sheddin' tarp, boys. Take a knee, boys. Grab a knee boys. Those betablockers really helped you up your explosive potential, bro. Muscular endurance, muscular strength, bro. Really working those fasttwitch muscle fibers, buddy. Isokinetic exercise to really test your lactic threshold, buddy. You're never gonna plateau with that overload principle, buddy. Rate of perceived exertion. You really hit your target heart rate with vigorous intensity. Thanks, buddy.  So? We got in shape and studied the tape. You gonna come watch us play with intensity tomorrow? Yeah, I could do that. Wheel, snipe, celly, boys! Fuckin' dangles, boys! Ninja dust. Hi. Hmm? How are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Um. Do you know where the washroom is? Sure, just right back there. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. And I'm Jessica. Wayne. I know. Now tell me you saw that. What? She's givin' me the big eyes. Is that what she was doing? Big eyes? You know, when a gal's sweet on a dude and she's shorter than him? Instead of tilting her neck up to look at him, she'll just keep her head straight and look up with her eyes. Like puppy dog eyes. It's like. Do you know where the washroom is? Versus. Do you know where the washroom is? Okay. Yeah. Big eyes. Wayne, she's still giving you the big eyes. Well, don't have to tell me twice. It's about time one of you showed some finish. She's so hot I'd jerk off her dad just to see where she came from. Who? Jivin' Pete? No. That's her dad. Jivin' Pete. Jivin' Pete. Yeah. Got his nuts are all bunned up after a donkey kicked him. Ruptured the hydrocele. One of them swole up to look like a ripe avocado. Other one looks like a peach pit. I'll get him to show it to you. He'll show to just about anybody when he's drunk. Either way, whole unit's more cauliflowered than a UFC fighter's ear. Nice, nice penalty kill, boys. I love the hustle! Love the hustle! Look at that hustle, eh? Well, piece of shit. Who brought the fuckin' rocket, boys? TEAMMATE. Holy fuck, boys. Who's billet sister's a fuckin' rocket? TEAMMATE. She's a fuckin' rocket. I got a fucking rocket in my pants, right now. TEAMMATE. Hey, dibs on digis, boys. TEAMMATE. Already dibs'd digits, buddy. No, I dibs'd her in warm up, you were throwin' sauce at the blue line. I was dibsing digis. Who the fuck you dibs 'em to? TEAMMATE. A dibs is a dibs is a dibs, buddy. Who gives a shit. If a dibs falls in the forest and there's no one around to hear it, is it still a dibs? Well, fuck, yeah, buddy! Fuck, no, buddy! Give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! Wake up, you fuckin' pheasants!. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wake up, you mutants. You're missing out on all the girls who do not want to have sex with you. Awfully pedestrian effort from our boys tonight, Katy. No discount on bar tabs tonight, Chester and Charlie! What was your problem, big shoots? He did all right. Didn't you, Wayne? He spent some time in the bathroom with a little blonde spinner who had such a butt on her. I took one look at it and I thought, Jesus Christ, woman, you shit with that ass? Attaboy! Boys! Sniper. Snipe!. Gotta say, I had a fucking hoot at the game. Two fights. Hockey players have the nicest asses. Okay, we don't want you coming anymore. Too distracting for the boys. Ferda. Ferda. What? Uh. It's too distracting. For the boys. Yeah, no, I heard you. I heard you say that I'm a distraction. Okay. Well, guess I'll have to find one of your teammates to dibs my digits. But we dibs'd those digis! You did a decent job with these dgens tonight. Thank you, Gail. I said decent. You forgot the most important thing. Don't get so drunk you couldn't use it even if you had the option. Mmmhmm. I'll tell you what and I'll only tell you once. You've got the pick of the litter around here so you may as well get pickin'. I've got this fifty bucks and no one to claim it. What say we put it in your jeans and see what else is hangin' around in there while we're at it? No. Like what's in your jeans, big fella? Nothin'. I mean it. Cripes, I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you. Okay. You want to do 68? I'll help you clean up. You'll go down on me? And I'll owe you one. Where's that rag? There it is. Wake up, big shoots and really big shoots. More hands make less work. Call me cake! 'Cause I go straight to your ass, cowboy. There's cake? No. A pack of coyotes come right up the back porch the other night, 'cause your dog's in heat and you know those fuckin' yellow eyed bastards will go right through the screen door if they're horny. Look like you're goin' to a formal with that top button done up to 11. Oh, it's not like I'm gonna be one of those nut sacks, sitting around getting sucked on by skeeters all day. Come off it. Well. Pitter patter. Let's get at 'er. Sixty bucks per dead coyote ain't gonna collect itselfs. I think I'll have a bumper dump before we get started. Oh, I don't give a care. You ever had a bumper dump? It's not polite to talk about. Though I do gotta piss goddamn bad. When you have a dump, leaning up against the back of the bumper of your machine. So, it's pretty near like it sounds then. You ever have a stump hump? You know, I think I did, but. I can't remember. It's when you have sex. With a girl? Yeah, with a girl. Bent over a stump of a tree. My friend said he had sex inside a hollowed log one time and I thought, Why, I bet Fred Penner pulled that off one time, too. This right here, perfect stump for a stump hump. I should say. Wayne? Dary. Come over here and join me for a sec. Oh, well fuckin'. Like fuckin' why? It appears somebody's been growing marijuana in your back bush. You left the barn door open after chores one time and your dad thought you were stoned. But you haven't smoked the electric lettuce since grade eight. That's a mitt full of Johnny Red Eye, all right. I think it's only appropriate we call the cops. Just take about 20% off 'er over there, mixed berry. Don't be such a sally. You know how much shit needs doin' around here? Well, shit needs so much doin' really. The produce stand is a fuckin' shanty. If we sell this stuff, we can make thousands. I know a guy on the reserve. I don't know. Why not? It's 'cause. Just kidding. We don't give a fuck. If the cops come around here, people will talk. Don't want people talkin'. Call your guy. Hello, Tanis. You know the deal. Personal use only. If I hear about yous turning around and selling them, and I will hear about it, we're gonna have a hell of a problem. Here's your smokes. Dime a dart. Dime a dart. Buck a dart. Buck a dart. They're fuckin' ya. Buck a dart. Buck a dart. They're fuckin' us. I've got some photos here. Of the goins' on. You gonna be upset if you keep scrolling to the left, dog. You gonna see some shit that you don't wanna see. This is a big crop. Whoever planted it, has done a lot of sneaking around and maintaining it so well. We're busy enough keeping the worm pickers off the property. There's nothing like good outdoor grown. It's 5k worth and ready for harvesting. You pull it out of the ground, I'll pick it up. Cash deal. Deal. Who is this?. That's Tanis, my daughter. Should say estranged, I suppose. What's so stranged about her? I'll tell you, if you find yourselves in her way, you oughtta swiftly get out of it. Give me a minute. So, how about it, boys? Can always count on old KatyKat. You delivered. I'll give you that. But what type of prick doesn't stand up and shake another man's hand? About Tanis. What about her? I think I'm sweet on her. Yeah? What for, Dary? What for. Dary, you don't need to explain. She makes your dick hard, get after it. We'll worry about that later. Work on the produce stand starts today. Still waiting for you to say. Thank you. For being a djen with a drug dealer. Now, if you ever hit me and I find out about it. That's good, Jonesy. No more kids table with the big boy moves like that, huh? You guys ready to play like big boys yet, huh? Maybe pick out your own outfits in the morning? Make your own snacks? Some solo back to school shopping? It's fuckin' embarrassing! Good news is, Pee Wee secondary team just canceled their ice time. I think we can make good use of it, huh? Suit up, pheasants. Another hour of the fun stuff on deck. Might as well bring your puke buckets with ya. You fuckin' newbies! Hey, schmelt. What the fuck's wrong with you? Nothing, why? Are you fucked up right now? Me? Yes, you! Are you on meth right now?. Oh, my God. This is unsee 'er, bro. Got that fuck, buddy. If we don't fucking do it, no one else is going to. The writing's on the wall, bro. Hey, give your balls a tug you tit fucker. Not the right time, Schwarzy! How did this happen, bro? We don't know any dusters that do meth and now the fuckin' rookie? Well, we do know Stewart and Devon and all those skids. But that's it, buddy. You know, I heard that Ginger and Boots used to do that shit. And look where it got them, schmelt! My buddy Royze had a bad stint for a while, now that I think about it, buddy. But that's cause Royze was hangin' out with Tolzy and that guy's a fuckin' pigeon. My buddy Parkzy too. I guess Belzy was fucked up for a while. And he got Welzy into it. Yeah, Belzy and Welzy were doing it with Carzy and his billet sister. Carzy and his billet sister got Colzy fucked up once. Wait, isn't Colzy still fucked up, bro? Only when he's with Kitzy and Burzy, bro. Colzy is always with Kitzy and Burzy. Well, Colzy, Kitzy and Burzy are always with Carzy and his billet sister, buddy. Who are always with Belzy and Welzy. Letterkenny is a meth town. We're gonna go see the skids. We're gonna go. We're gonna do it? Do you wanna do it? You want one? Let's do it! Give me one! We're gonna have one. Give me it. We're going. Let's go then! Let's go! Better buy all the smokes. What is this? This is where I ruin your life. Hang on. No, no, no. You hang on. All right? Yous ripped me off. And I'm fuckin' pissed. But. We can make it right. As unPC as this market may be, it's pretty lucrative, so. If you sell the rest of the cigarettes at a buck a dart, we get ninety cents, you get ten. Deal. Deal. No! No deal. I spent all our money at that rave. You're gonna step on some toes in any business venture. It's inevitable. If we want to take this meth business to the next level, we cannot part with any more coin. Are you with me? Always. Let's get this over with then. You guys wanna dance? Let's do this. We can do this, too. Is that how you think this works? You just take a beating and then we're square? Bunch of basics. Yous been watching the wrong movies, boys. Mmmmmm! Pay attention. This isn't just about us anymore, all right? This is about everyone now. Your friends, your families. Until we get paid, they all suffer. Let's go. Let the burning of Letterkenny begin. Gotta say, fellas, this is coming together nicely. I might actually spend some time out here now. With some fuckin' clothes on? Not my forte. Unfortunate. You brings us sustenance while we are hard at work, Katy. That's what I appreciates about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Go easy, squirrely Dan. Thank you. Your sister's hot, Wayne. There, I said it. I said it! I regret nothing. I regret nothing! Too fat to run. Fuckin' Stewart. Fuckin' skids. Where the fuck is this kid? Fuckin' hate this kid. Fuckin' wreck this kid. Fuckin' kill this kid. No, no. Just get 'em. Yeah. We'll hurt 'em. Yeah. No, it's a metaphor. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. Hey, but then we're here for donnybrook, not him and his buddies, buddy. Oh, fuck. We don't necessarily need to wait for them to get here to wreck the meth lab, buddy. We can just fuckin' wreck right now. True. Dibs on Devon, bro. Jonesy, I don't even wanna discuss dibs right now. No discussion on dibs? Buddy, we'll fuckin' get 'em all. Oh, yeah, okay, let's get 'em all. Let's fucking do it, buddy. It's already trashed. I'm not quite sure how I feel about this, buddy. Bit anticlimactic. Isn't it, buddy? Yeah. Shit! Wonder who smashed up his place, bro. Fuckin' long hair don't care, bro. We find the skids and have that fuckin' donnybrook, buddy. Buckets off? Fuckin' rip over there and just conflict. Fight. Injure. Kill. Ball up and bang out, bud. Bust on. Bust up. Download the scrap app. Pugnacity. Truculence. Burkie. Little squabble. Little quibble. Smackdown! Spar. Spat. Schism. We are at this level! But we need to get to this level! That's a lotta weed. Sorry about what happened here. Know about the beef? What beef? Between your meth pals and my daughter. Two things. One, no one who does meth is a pal of mine for fuck's sake. Two, what are you talking about? She was ripped off on a cigarette transaction by some fellas from Letterkenny. And then? She's owed money by someone from your town. She's gonna make it everyone's problem. I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Hope this serves as some sort of consolation. Count it if you like. She won't stop until she gets what's owed. When Tanis comes back to collect, she won't be short staffed. Us neither. Fuckin' skids!. Predictable! Predictable! Is this little soiree for us? And you missed to a better one at the Ag Hall last weekend. You should have come. You gave the rookie meth, idiot. First one's free. You fuckin' turned Letterkenny into a war zone. Got us labeled as a meth town, idiot. So, what are you gonna do about it? Idiot. Buckets off. Fuckin' go time. Shed 'em. Go me! A little fuck me, fuck you? MAN. Free fuckin' nose jobs? MAN. Let's dance. MAN. Hit the dfloor. My balls dangle harder than you. Yeah, sounds familiar. This is what we've been waiting for. Hey! It's time. You got our money? Nay! We do not have, nor will we ever have, a dime for you. And you took away our only source of income when you trashed our meth lab! We're all here. So, uh. It's combat, let's proceed. Power stop, Tanis. We got dibs on the donnybrook with the skids. What's a dibs? A dibs is a dibs is a dibs. Hey! Pipe down, shit head. You don't get it, do you? This is about the money. So, until we get the money, Letterkenny will continue to burn. All right? How are you now? Good, and you? Deadly. Is that. The Ginger and Boots. Those two guys fucked an ostrich. Just the Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. Mmmmmm. It would take like two people to fuck an ostrich. Three even. It was a sick ostrich. Allegedly. You're fucking ruthless for bringing a couple dudes like that here. In his defense. He's usually not the type of prick I am. If they fucked an ostrich, what else have they fucked? Just the Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. I ask again. If they fucked an ostrich, what else have they fucked? It's almost not worth thinkin' about. Okay, speak. Yous got ripped off. It's too bad that happened. And? And it's none of my business. Till it was my business. Now, we could beat the fuck outta yous right here. And mark my words, one day, we'll get ya. But that doesn't solve our problem here. Dary. Your name's Dary? It's Daryl. That's just something my friends call me sometimes. We gotta put the damage you're doing around Letterkenny to bed. That's 5k. What are you's owed?. More than that. We're tough fuckin' sleddin'! Hey. We're gonna call it 5k. Is that what we're gonna do? We are. You're gonna take it and leave Letterkenny. And if yous come back for so much as to pump your gas. When he gives a warning, he don't repeat it. We'll get ya. Deal. Beats fighting an ostrich fucker. All right, can we, uh, part the hick sea here? Uh, actually wait. I got to know. This has gotta sting a little bit, right?. I mean, you're short, you're ugly, you're incompetent, you're fuckin' broke! Fuckin' A. You're a fuckin' addict, you're hopeless. Yeah. I mean you are such a tragedy that even all these people here who hate you, will bail you out, just so they can. What's the word? Erase you. My cousin was born with fetal alcohol syndrome and he works at a fuckin' bank. What's your fucking excuse? That'll do, Tanis. Hey! I'm not talking to you. Look at you. You got bloodshot eyes, runny nose, fuckin' greasy hair, scabs everywhere. What is that? What's that, right there? You see that? Is that cum? Dried cum on your fuckin' zipper? I'm so sorry. Oh, you are pointless. I bet, the second you popped out, your mom wished she had a sewn up snapper. Probably would've been better if you grew to a sickly size inside the womb and killed the both of you before you fuckin' rolled out and started fucking up. Bitch. What? I'll tell you what's gotta sting a little bit. Well, fuckin' get after it, then!. Well, Who would've 'thunk it. Fuck. Mmmhmm. That was a top tier sucker, Riley. You too, Jonesy. Thanks boys. I'd sucker you guys in your sleep. Still. Makes my top three suckers, boys. An A1 box shot, you fuckin' barbarian. Never claimed to be a lady. Did you stop and smoke a joint for a bit and then jump right back in there? Nectar of gods, fellas. On the house. All right!. Well at this rate, we'll need another one soon, Gail. You know, I gotta say, I'm looking forward to a bit of peace and quiet around here. Hear, hear. There ain't no reason to get excited, am I right? Yup. Yeah. All right. Who the fuck is the toughest guy in here? That'd be me. You were out gettin' good with your pals the other night. It's been so long since I've had a pair of tits in my hands, I popped a lap rocket opening up a can of tuna last Sunday morning. Oh, that's offputting. Not to old Gail, it isn't. I'd love to hear your big bang theory, Daniel. Ew. Print it. This is officially me callin' down for more mayo. That's clever. Do you like magic? Pop that purple home wrecker over here. I'll make her disappear. We should just be out there just pole vaultin' around town, boys. Wouldn't say no to a bit of toe curlin' and I don't mean maybe. It won't be long before you have the option. College and university kids will be home for the summer next week. Well, that should help your spring fever. Which is a serious condition if not handled appropriately. Miniskirt and Tbar season. Yup. By all means, ladies. Express yourselves. Go easy down there, Squirrely Dan. I suffered severely from the spring fever last year, had to go into full cougar mode with an 18yearold. Oh? May have been my second cousin. Oh. It was either that or be at home flickin' it to Grapefruit League baseball highlights. You know they're all gonna be in here lookin' for a bit of How's your father? Make sure your game is tight or you'll be home firing wristers. Firing what? Oh. What say we make this interesting. Whichever one of you grabs a tail first gets 50 bucks off their bar tab. In. That is a Texas sized 104. No, you two get after it. Here's a tip. When the gettin's good around here, stay close to your pal Wayne. Kid's got more spunk than a hotel room hand towel. Well, here's a tip. Don't fart in a spacesuit. Here's a tip. Don't sneeze when you're taking a piss. Here's a tip. It's really hard to get tuna out of your dick hole. This place is about to be crawling with snapper. Let's hope this is the last night you'll be going home to make a bald man puke. You naturally prefer companionship, but I guess there's a lot worse things than playing a little one man couch hockey in the dark. Wearing number 22 for the Tackville Tornados. Who fuckin' cares. Dig deep, bare down, you fuckin' hero. You're my fuckin' hero, twotwo. Nice flow, you fuckin' donkey. Take a lap. Hey, give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! What the fuck are you lookin' at, twos, huh? You lookin' at my cock, you fuckin' sally? Mix in some class, you fuckin' cock looker! You're a fuckin' cock looker, twotwo! Hey, shut the fuck up. You're a fuckin' hero, twos. Fuckin' suck at hockey, twotwo! Loser. Ever wonder why Katy doesn't come watch us play anymore, bud? Makes no fuckin' sense, buddy. Just fuckin' stud army born to go silky shelf. Silky studs. I mean Italian silk. Just rippin' ched. Just chuckin' mitts and suckin' tits. Tossin' mitties, suckin' titties. Just look at the snipers up there. Here to support the boys. Must be nice Ferda. Ferda. It'd be pretty sick to see Katy up there again. So sick. Atta be sures, eh? First thirsty Thursday of the season, boys. How's team morale? I'm most excited for Buck Hunter. Boy, I'm gonna tell ya that's what I'm gonna do, holy fuck. You guys know if Gail's making pickled eggs or pickled sausages? Bear in mind there is no wrong answer to this question. I'm gonna be posting up and looking for love, and I don't care who knows it. Don't set the bar too high, mutant. That's fair. You guys going to be wearing belts? Hard no. Why don't you guys wear belts? 'Cause we buy pants that fucking fit. Why would I buy a piece of leather that costs $25, when I have a perfectly good skate lace at home? $25? No. Fucking $25, you're lucky to have a $25 bill. Fuck, you've been to Winners lately? You're talking about $35, $45. Winners. Slow down there, Mr. Rocketfeller. I go down to the flea market at St. Jacobs, $25 could get you at least five belts. Plus, a commemorative belt buckle says, Jesus holds up my pants. For Sunday morning. Boy, howdy. Ten losses in a row, bro. Two's a streak, bro. Like where the fuck Schultzy been out there? Schultzy's dog shit. Soupy's a plug. Smitty's a pile. Millsy. Cartsy. Burnsy. Deetzy. Brooksy. Brooksy's got a herndog. Seridog? He's having offseason surgery for a sports herndog. He's out four to six. Four to six for. Best plan. Where's Coopsy been? Playing like poopsy. Playing like Milan Poocic. P. K. Pooban. And Ryan Poogent Hopkins. Pookka Rask. The brothers Miko and Saku Koipoo. Joke, bro. It's embarrassing. Katy! How come you don't watch us play anymore? 'Cause you're dog shit. We're not dog shit. I mean, the boys are dog shit. But we're pretty good. Is that why they always play and you guys never do? She might be onto something there, bro. Not seeing a whole lot of special teams time, buddy. I haven't killed a penalty all year. I mean, we wanna score goals, but we'd just end up killing them boys. Mmmhmm. Would you come watch if we play a regular shift? Duh. The fuck else am I going to do around here? Time to set up a meeting with the Coach. Buhdoo! We're the biggest Pantene pros in the league. Mix in some big minutes for a couple stick and pucksters. You guys don't give a shit about winning. You just like the hockey player lifestyle. You are posers. So what are we gonna do?. You need to get in shape! Study the tape! Play with some intensity! Hold my spitter. So basically what you are saying is. We're at this level. But we've got to get to this level. Done! You're a fucking beauty. Registered beautician. What do you guys think of the program? Well. Uh. Just kidding, I don't give a fuck. Gutty. Yeah, a little gutty. That's a little gutty. Fuck. That's when you cut off her balls. Cut off her balls? Correct. I think you mean, Cut off his balls.. Incorrect. Oh, no? Oh, yes. That is why you never give a sword to a hooker. Hey, Wayne. How many planets are there?. Well, with the whole Pluto debate. Give or take, eight planets. There'll only be seven after I destroy Uranus. Buy you a drink? Okay. Who's that?. Who? Kyle Schneidstiller's sister?. Is that who she is? That's Kyle Schneidstiller's little sister. You know, he's a decent dude. She's finer than frog hair. Have an eye for the fertility, boys. She's been knockedup twice. She's a oneshot Sally. Also. She dated Boots for a little while before he went to jail. You guys ever hear anything about that guy fucking an ostrich? No. The Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. It would take more than one guy to fuck an ostrich. We've heard that it was a sick ostrich. Well, it would take two guys to fuck an ostrich. Three even. Again, we're hearing it was a sick ostrich. Still, it's a threeman job to fuck one. But wait. Was that before or after he dated Kyle Schneidstiller's sister? Oh, it's almost not worth thinkin' about. Oh, we have an eye. She's sweet on you, Dary. Is that what she is? That's your next sweetie right there. Go talk to her. What's your logic there? You see what she's doing with her hair? That's called a hair show. When a gal's sweet on a guy, and she wants to get his attention, she just starts fucking with her hair whole bunch. What for? So you notice more about the way they look. Like how her face is framed with her hair up or down. And also make you think like. Well, I wouldn't wanna touch it. Well, yeah, I think I would like to touch it. Well, get after it. But don't lead with the touchin', though. All right. I will. Just, not just yet. Maybe after a couple. There. Okay, bro, workout program. Go. Gotta start with burpees, buddy. Just ripping burpee boxshums, buddy. 50 burpees, 50 pushups. 50 burpees, 50 pushups. Stairs. Protein break. Just ripping skull crashers. Just rippin' forced reps. Forced rep super sets. Bird up. Just rippin' antigravity press. Just rippin' Advanced Kettlebell Windmill. Just rippin' barbell halfsquats. Just rippin' drop sets. Just rippin' Swiss ball jackknifes. Just rippin' silly animal stack. Just rippin' bent over rear delt raise with head on bench. Fuckin' delts to die for, buddy. Just rippin' cable rope overhead tricep extensions. #Noexcuses. #Beachbody. Legs? Hate doing legs. Let's skip leg day. That's the best asswash of your life right there, boys. Good work, Shoresy. Look at the hustle on, Shoresy. Best asswash of your life. Ooh. Scored a perfect score in the bonus round. Don't think I've ever seen that before. Remember what happened here today. You can't forget something like that. Seen Angie in here with her new boyfriend again a couple nights ago. Oh, who gives a care. Remember I told you he was in a '94 Jeep YJ with a wave decal on the side? He made an upgrade. Short trip. Pulled in here with a 2003 aquamarine Audi wagon with a magenta Fear this sticker on the back. Ain't no reason to get excited. Came in here wearing a pair of Fandango pink pastel khakis with a white, gold leather chain fuckin' wallet, and a Creed Tshirt on. Remarkable. I know. He had a deep carrot orange fedora with a burnt orange stripe and a little cauliflower blue feather with a fucking, I don't know, looked like to me some kind of a blackbearded titmouse or some kind of shit. Did you know there's a type of bird called a Bushtit? I did not. It's a type of chickadee. He also had an imperial purple. That'll do, McMurray. Oh, I'm just sayin' it must suck balls to lose to a fucking douchebag like that. Hi. Heard you doin' all right at Buck Hunter. What say I give you a quick squeezer in the parking lot there, eh? Could be worse. Could indeed. There a vet around here, ladies? These puppies are sick. Christ, I would snort her dandruff. Dandruff is a fungus. I think you mean you'd sniff her flakes. Then you are giving me far too much credit, my boy. Oh, oh. Lookin' some comely tonight there, big fella. Do you wanna know what, Gail? I think you've got a case of the spring fever. Can I get you a drink? Okay. You see that one? She's like a Middle Eastern rebel army. 'Cause there's a political uprising in my pants. Well, shoulders back. Here she comes. Excuse me, boys. She's sweet on you. Get after it. You think so? You see what she just did? Touched your back and then, moved on? That's called the unnecessary squeezeby. Is that what it's called? Mmmhmm. You noticed she had about half a fuckin' soccer field to get past but instead leaned in close, got a bit handsy like there was only a tiny lane to get by? The unnecessary squeezeby. Go talk to her. Let's fire back a couple of shots first. Well, this is swiftly becoming a counterproductive practice, but okay. Look at Coopsy out there. Just dog shit. You mean Claude Girpoo? Roberto Pooongo. I mean, look at you. You're fuckin' Kenny coasttocoast out there, buddy. You're Harry HighSock buddy. Cory clap bombs. Thank you. Sniper. Snipe! Didn't your coach tell you to get in shape? It's our cheat day. We'll be rippin' silly plyometrics right after this so they cancel each other out. Then it's arms. Just rippin' concentration curls. Just rippin' cross body hammer curls. Just rippin' alternate dumbbell bicep curls. Just rippin' lying close grip bar curl on high pulley. Just rippin' alternate onearm dumbbell preacher curls. Just rippin' standing onearm bicep curl over incline bench. You're an idiot. We're smokebombing over to throw some weights around now. You wanna come? Okay. Ninja dust. Resistance training! Muscle atrophy! Take some snaps of us, snipe. Yeah, take some snaps for our Facebooks, snipey! Take your shirts off. Tarps off, boys. Sheddin' tarp, boys. Take a knee, boys. Grab a knee boys. Those betablockers really helped you up your explosive potential, bro. Muscular endurance, muscular strength, bro. Really working those fasttwitch muscle fibers, buddy. Isokinetic exercise to really test your lactic threshold, buddy. You're never gonna plateau with that overload principle, buddy. Rate of perceived exertion. You really hit your target heart rate with vigorous intensity. Thanks, buddy.  So? We got in shape and studied the tape. You gonna come watch us play with intensity tomorrow? Yeah, I could do that. Wheel, snipe, celly, boys! Fuckin' dangles, boys! Ninja dust. Hi. Hmm? How are you now? Good and you? Not so bad. Um. Do you know where the washroom is? Sure, just right back there. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. And I'm Jessica. Wayne. I know. Now tell me you saw that. What? She's givin' me the big eyes. Is that what she was doing? Big eyes? You know, when a gal's sweet on a dude and she's shorter than him? Instead of tilting her neck up to look at him, she'll just keep her head straight and look up with her eyes. Like puppy dog eyes. It's like. Do you know where the washroom is? Versus. Do you know where the washroom is? Okay. Yeah. Big eyes. Wayne, she's still giving you the big eyes. Well, don't have to tell me twice. It's about time one of you showed some finish. She's so hot I'd jerk off her dad just to see where she came from. Who? Jivin' Pete? No. That's her dad. Jivin' Pete. Jivin' Pete. Yeah. Got his nuts are all bunned up after a donkey kicked him. Ruptured the hydrocele. One of them swole up to look like a ripe avocado. Other one looks like a peach pit. I'll get him to show it to you. He'll show to just about anybody when he's drunk. Either way, whole unit's more cauliflowered than a UFC fighter's ear. Nice, nice penalty kill, boys. I love the hustle! Love the hustle! Look at that hustle, eh? Well, piece of shit. Who brought the fuckin' rocket, boys? TEAMMATE. Holy fuck, boys. Who's billet sister's a fuckin' rocket? TEAMMATE. She's a fuckin' rocket. I got a fucking rocket in my pants, right now. TEAMMATE. Hey, dibs on digis, boys. TEAMMATE. Already dibs'd digits, buddy. No, I dibs'd her in warm up, you were throwin' sauce at the blue line. I was dibsing digis. Who the fuck you dibs 'em to? TEAMMATE. A dibs is a dibs is a dibs, buddy. Who gives a shit. If a dibs falls in the forest and there's no one around to hear it, is it still a dibs? Well, fuck, yeah, buddy! Fuck, no, buddy! Give your balls a tug, you tit fucker! Wake up, you fuckin' pheasants!. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wake up, you mutants. You're missing out on all the girls who do not want to have sex with you. Awfully pedestrian effort from our boys tonight, Katy. No discount on bar tabs tonight, Chester and Charlie! What was your problem, big shoots? He did all right. Didn't you, Wayne? He spent some time in the bathroom with a little blonde spinner who had such a butt on her. I took one look at it and I thought, Jesus Christ, woman, you shit with that ass? Attaboy! Boys! Sniper. Snipe!. Gotta say, I had a fucking hoot at the game. Two fights. Hockey players have the nicest asses. Okay, we don't want you coming anymore. Too distracting for the boys. Ferda. Ferda. What? Uh. It's too distracting. For the boys. Yeah, no, I heard you. I heard you say that I'm a distraction. Okay. Well, guess I'll have to find one of your teammates to dibs my digits. But we dibs'd those digis! You did a decent job with these dgens tonight. Thank you, Gail. I said decent. You forgot the most important thing. Don't get so drunk you couldn't use it even if you had the option. Mmmhmm. I'll tell you what and I'll only tell you once. You've got the pick of the litter around here so you may as well get pickin'. I've got this fifty bucks and no one to claim it. What say we put it in your jeans and see what else is hangin' around in there while we're at it? No. Like what's in your jeans, big fella? Nothin'. I mean it. Cripes, I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you. Okay. You want to do 68? I'll help you clean up. You'll go down on me? And I'll owe you one. Where's that rag? There it is. Wake up, big shoots and really big shoots. More hands make less work. Call me cake! 'Cause I go straight to your ass, cowboy. There's cake? No. A pack of coyotes come right up the back porch the other night, 'cause your dog's in heat and you know those fuckin' yellow eyed bastards will go right through the screen door if they're horny. Look like you're goin' to a formal with that top button done up to 11. Oh, it's not like I'm gonna be one of those nut sacks, sitting around getting sucked on by skeeters all day. Come off it. Well. Pitter patter. Let's get at 'er. Sixty bucks per dead coyote ain't gonna collect itselfs. I think I'll have a bumper dump before we get started. Oh, I don't give a care. You ever had a bumper dump? It's not polite to talk about. Though I do gotta piss goddamn bad. When you have a dump, leaning up against the back of the bumper of your machine. So, it's pretty near like it sounds then. You ever have a stump hump? You know, I think I did, but. I can't remember. It's when you have sex. With a girl? Yeah, with a girl. Bent over a stump of a tree. My friend said he had sex inside a hollowed log one time and I thought, Why, I bet Fred Penner pulled that off one time, too. This right here, perfect stump for a stump hump. I should say. Wayne? Dary. Come over here and join me for a sec. Oh, well fuckin'. Like fuckin' why? It appears somebody's been growing marijuana in your back bush. You left the barn door open after chores one time and your dad thought you were stoned. But you haven't smoked the electric lettuce since grade eight. That's a mitt full of Johnny Red Eye, all right. I think it's only appropriate we call the cops. Just take about 20% off 'er over there, mixed berry. Don't be such a sally. You know how much shit needs doin' around here? Well, shit needs so much doin' really. The produce stand is a fuckin' shanty. If we sell this stuff, we can make thousands. I know a guy on the reserve. I don't know. Why not? It's 'cause. Just kidding. We don't give a fuck. If the cops come around here, people will talk. Don't want people talkin'. Call your guy. Hello, Tanis. You know the deal. Personal use only. If I hear about yous turning around and selling them, and I will hear about it, we're gonna have a hell of a problem. Here's your smokes. Dime a dart. Dime a dart. Buck a dart. Buck a dart. They're fuckin' ya. Buck a dart. Buck a dart. They're fuckin' us. I've got some photos here. Of the goins' on. You gonna be upset if you keep scrolling to the left, dog. You gonna see some shit that you don't wanna see. This is a big crop. Whoever planted it, has done a lot of sneaking around and maintaining it so well. We're busy enough keeping the worm pickers off the property. There's nothing like good outdoor grown. It's 5k worth and ready for harvesting. You pull it out of the ground, I'll pick it up. Cash deal. Deal. Who is this?. That's Tanis, my daughter. Should say estranged, I suppose. What's so stranged about her? I'll tell you, if you find yourselves in her way, you oughtta swiftly get out of it. Give me a minute. So, how about it, boys? Can always count on old KatyKat. You delivered. I'll give you that. But what type of prick doesn't stand up and shake another man's hand? About Tanis. What about her? I think I'm sweet on her. Yeah? What for, Dary? What for. Dary, you don't need to explain. She makes your dick hard, get after it. We'll worry about that later. Work on the produce stand starts today. Still waiting for you to say. Thank you. For being a djen with a drug dealer. Now, if you ever hit me and I find out about it. That's good, Jonesy. No more kids table with the big boy moves like that, huh? You guys ready to play like big boys yet, huh? Maybe pick out your own outfits in the morning? Make your own snacks? Some solo back to school shopping? It's fuckin' embarrassing! Good news is, Pee Wee secondary team just canceled their ice time. I think we can make good use of it, huh? Suit up, pheasants. Another hour of the fun stuff on deck. Might as well bring your puke buckets with ya. You fuckin' newbies! Hey, schmelt. What the fuck's wrong with you? Nothing, why? Are you fucked up right now? Me? Yes, you! Are you on meth right now?. Oh, my God. This is unsee 'er, bro. Got that fuck, buddy. If we don't fucking do it, no one else is going to. The writing's on the wall, bro. Hey, give your balls a tug you tit fucker. Not the right time, Schwarzy! How did this happen, bro? We don't know any dusters that do meth and now the fuckin' rookie? Well, we do know Stewart and Devon and all those skids. But that's it, buddy. You know, I heard that Ginger and Boots used to do that shit. And look where it got them, schmelt! My buddy Royze had a bad stint for a while, now that I think about it, buddy. But that's cause Royze was hangin' out with Tolzy and that guy's a fuckin' pigeon. My buddy Parkzy too. I guess Belzy was fucked up for a while. And he got Welzy into it. Yeah, Belzy and Welzy were doing it with Carzy and his billet sister. Carzy and his billet sister got Colzy fucked up once. Wait, isn't Colzy still fucked up, bro? Only when he's with Kitzy and Burzy, bro. Colzy is always with Kitzy and Burzy. Well, Colzy, Kitzy and Burzy are always with Carzy and his billet sister, buddy. Who are always with Belzy and Welzy. Letterkenny is a meth town. We're gonna go see the skids. We're gonna go. We're gonna do it? Do you wanna do it? You want one? Let's do it! Give me one! We're gonna have one. Give me it. We're going. Let's go then! Let's go! Better buy all the smokes. What is this? This is where I ruin your life. Hang on. No, no, no. You hang on. All right? Yous ripped me off. And I'm fuckin' pissed. But. We can make it right. As unPC as this market may be, it's pretty lucrative, so. If you sell the rest of the cigarettes at a buck a dart, we get ninety cents, you get ten. Deal. Deal. No! No deal. I spent all our money at that rave. You're gonna step on some toes in any business venture. It's inevitable. If we want to take this meth business to the next level, we cannot part with any more coin. Are you with me? Always. Let's get this over with then. You guys wanna dance? Let's do this. We can do this, too. Is that how you think this works? You just take a beating and then we're square? Bunch of basics. Yous been watching the wrong movies, boys. Mmmmmm! Pay attention. This isn't just about us anymore, all right? This is about everyone now. Your friends, your families. Until we get paid, they all suffer. Let's go. Let the burning of Letterkenny begin. Gotta say, fellas, this is coming together nicely. I might actually spend some time out here now. With some fuckin' clothes on? Not my forte. Unfortunate. You brings us sustenance while we are hard at work, Katy. That's what I appreciates about you. Is that what you appreciate about me? Go easy, squirrely Dan. Thank you. Your sister's hot, Wayne. There, I said it. I said it! I regret nothing. I regret nothing! Too fat to run. Fuckin' Stewart. Fuckin' skids. Where the fuck is this kid? Fuckin' hate this kid. Fuckin' wreck this kid. Fuckin' kill this kid. No, no. Just get 'em. Yeah. We'll hurt 'em. Yeah. No, it's a metaphor. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. Hey, but then we're here for donnybrook, not him and his buddies, buddy. Oh, fuck. We don't necessarily need to wait for them to get here to wreck the meth lab, buddy. We can just fuckin' wreck right now. True. Dibs on Devon, bro. Jonesy, I don't even wanna discuss dibs right now. No discussion on dibs? Buddy, we'll fuckin' get 'em all. Oh, yeah, okay, let's get 'em all. Let's fucking do it, buddy. It's already trashed. I'm not quite sure how I feel about this, buddy. Bit anticlimactic. Isn't it, buddy? Yeah. Shit! Wonder who smashed up his place, bro. Fuckin' long hair don't care, bro. We find the skids and have that fuckin' donnybrook, buddy. Buckets off? Fuckin' rip over there and just conflict. Fight. Injure. Kill. Ball up and bang out, bud. Bust on. Bust up. Download the scrap app. Pugnacity. Truculence. Burkie. Little squabble. Little quibble. Smackdown! Spar. Spat. Schism. We are at this level! But we need to get to this level! That's a lotta weed. Sorry about what happened here. Know about the beef? What beef? Between your meth pals and my daughter. Two things. One, no one who does meth is a pal of mine for fuck's sake. Two, what are you talking about? She was ripped off on a cigarette transaction by some fellas from Letterkenny. And then? She's owed money by someone from your town. She's gonna make it everyone's problem. I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Hope this serves as some sort of consolation. Count it if you like. She won't stop until she gets what's owed. When Tanis comes back to collect, she won't be short staffed. Us neither. Fuckin' skids!. Predictable! Predictable! Is this little soiree for us? And you missed to a better one at the Ag Hall last weekend. You should have come. You gave the rookie meth, idiot. First one's free. You fuckin' turned Letterkenny into a war zone. Got us labeled as a meth town, idiot. So, what are you gonna do about it? Idiot. Buckets off. Fuckin' go time. Shed 'em. Go me! A little fuck me, fuck you? MAN. Free fuckin' nose jobs? MAN. Let's dance. MAN. Hit the dfloor. My balls dangle harder than you. Yeah, sounds familiar. This is what we've been waiting for. Hey! It's time. You got our money? Nay! We do not have, nor will we ever have, a dime for you. And you took away our only source of income when you trashed our meth lab! We're all here. So, uh. It's combat, let's proceed. Power stop, Tanis. We got dibs on the donnybrook with the skids. What's a dibs? A dibs is a dibs is a dibs. Hey! Pipe down, shit head. You don't get it, do you? This is about the money. So, until we get the money, Letterkenny will continue to burn. All right? How are you now? Good, and you? Deadly. Is that. The Ginger and Boots. Those two guys fucked an ostrich. Just the Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. Mmmmmm. It would take like two people to fuck an ostrich. Three even. It was a sick ostrich. Allegedly. You're fucking ruthless for bringing a couple dudes like that here. In his defense. He's usually not the type of prick I am. If they fucked an ostrich, what else have they fucked? Just the Ginger fucked an ostrich. Allegedly. I ask again. If they fucked an ostrich, what else have they fucked? It's almost not worth thinkin' about. Okay, speak. Yous got ripped off. It's too bad that happened. And? And it's none of my business. Till it was my business. Now, we could beat the fuck outta yous right here. And mark my words, one day, we'll get ya. But that doesn't solve our problem here. Dary. Your name's Dary? It's Daryl. That's just something my friends call me sometimes. We gotta put the damage you're doing around Letterkenny to bed. That's 5k. What are you's owed?. More than that. We're tough fuckin' sleddin'! Hey. We're gonna call it 5k. Is that what we're gonna do? We are. You're gonna take it and leave Letterkenny. And if yous come back for so much as to pump your gas. When he gives a warning, he don't repeat it. We'll get ya. Deal. Beats fighting an ostrich fucker. All right, can we, uh, part the hick sea here? Uh, actually wait. I got to know. This has gotta sting a little bit, right?. I mean, you're short, you're ugly, you're incompetent, you're fuckin' broke! Fuckin' A. You're a fuckin' addict, you're hopeless. Yeah. I mean you are such a tragedy that even all these people here who hate you, will bail you out, just so they can. What's the word? Erase you. My cousin was born with fetal alcohol syndrome and he works at a fuckin' bank. What's your fucking excuse? That'll do, Tanis. Hey! I'm not talking to you. Look at you. You got bloodshot eyes, runny nose, fuckin' greasy hair, scabs everywhere. What is that? What's that, right there? You see that? Is that cum? Dried cum on your fuckin' zipper? I'm so sorry. Oh, you are pointless. I bet, the second you popped out, your mom wished she had a sewn up snapper. Probably would've been better if you grew to a sickly size inside the womb and killed the both of you before you fuckin' rolled out and started fucking up. Bitch. What? I'll tell you what's gotta sting a little bit. Well, fuckin' get after it, then!. Well, Who would've 'thunk it. Fuck. Mmmhmm. That was a top tier sucker, Riley. You too, Jonesy. Thanks boys. I'd sucker you guys in your sleep. Still. Makes my top three suckers, boys. An A1 box shot, you fuckin' barbarian. Never claimed to be a lady. Did you stop and smoke a joint for a bit and then jump right back in there? Nectar of gods, fellas. On the house. All right!. Well at this rate, we'll need another one soon, Gail. You know, I gotta say, I'm looking forward to a bit of peace and quiet around here. Hear, hear. There ain't no reason to get excited, am I right? Yup. Yeah. All right. Who the fuck is the toughest guy in here? That'd be me. You're discussing critical space stuff with your pals the other day. How would you batch in space? With immaculate care. Yeah, it'd go airborne if you didn't contain it. Depends on the length of the missions, I thinks. Like, if it's a pretty short mission, you can probably gets away without mixing a batch up theres. Maybe you can get away without mixing a batch. I mix one every night or I'm not sleeping. Kind of likes how I needs to takes a shower immediately afters I takes a shits? You'd cone it. What? Each spaceman's given a cone, put over your junk, for when you batch in space. They do? So let's say you're in your space quarters, you lay on your back in your bunk, put the cone over your junk and fire one up, and since it's zero gravity, your batch'd float up to the top of the cone, and remain there. Then what'll you do with it? Each cadet's got a space disposal in their quarters, so he'll just throw it in there. That what they do? Most important thing is to obstruct the space cam in your quarters so that the rest of the space cadets don't see you batching. I'd imagine they'd give you a few cones. Probably stick one of those cones over the camera. Exactly. Wayne? Dan. How did youse acquires this knowledge? You remember when I took Angie down Disney? Yeah. Was having drinks in a bar by Cape Canaveral and heard some cadets talking. Space cadets? Don't fuckin' piss me off, Dary. Isn't Cape Canaverals a ways away from Disney? It's not that far. Okay. You're having a drinks in Capes Canaverals and you overhear some cadets talk something about mixing a batch ups in space? Did I stutter? Crazier things have happened, I guess. Was Bondars there? Roberta? Yeah, Robertas Bondars, neuroscientist, Canada's first female astronauts. Fucking legend, Robertas Bondars. Yeah, Bondar was there. Nice. What about the other guy, um, what's his name? He just left, apparently. Wow, rubbing shoulders with North America's finest space cadets. Yeah. Bondar hammered? No. No, I seen her crash a few Old Fashioneds, but she was actually sitting in a quiet corner by herself. Wonder why the other guys left. I don't have that information, Dan. Can you imagine if North America's finest space cadets went ups into outer space togethers? Oh, they did. They dids? Yup. Houston wanted them to go up there together again, too. Bondar didn't wanna. Why nots? I don't think you wanna know. Well, sures, we dos. Look, youse didn't hear this from me, all right? All right. Dary, all right? All right. Look, a lot of people don't know this, but those two weren't just North America's finest spacemen, they were actually planet Earth's finest space people. So, of course, Houston wanted them up there together as much as possible. But they only went up theres togethers the one time? Yep. 'Cause Bondars didn't wants to go up theres with him agains. Yeah. Okay. So, like, he was as a bit of a guy's guy around Kennedy Center. You know, he played pranks and stuff, and they'd just say, Well, that's just him. Of course, Bondar was the more senior spaceman, had a bit of a reputation for, like, kicking it oldschool. Hence, the Old Fashioneds. So she didn't have a lot of time for the whole boyswillbeboys mentality. 'Kay. So, they finally shoehorned them up there together, knowin' full well it was oil and water. And I guess you can say he proved them right. Those space cadets really tell tales out of school, eh? Yep. What happened next? So, each spaceman's got a space cam in their quarters which are connected to the other spacemen's quarters, as well as the main shuttle bay and the saucer section, the two smaller bays and the stardrive section. They'd be connected to the main bridge? Of course, they are, Dary. Fuck's sake. So, we're talking about an elite vessel here? NASA'd never send a ship up there if it wasn't galaxy class. You bet they wouldn't. Same with Elon Musk, but apparently Russia does it all the time. Fucking joke star fleet. So, what happened next? So, Bondar'd be up in Alpha quadrant, keeping the Captain's log, likely, of the events. Yeah. And they'd all just come out of a Yeager loop, so she was a bit worn out. Yeah, she wouldn't be at full bars. But, of course, there's Bondar still up there in Alpha, keeping an eye out for wormholes and what not. Yeah. I guess there he'd be down there in Beta quadrant, floating around in space quarters, which Bondar could see, so could Houston. I guess what he'd do is float offcamera, pull his space pants down, grab his junk in a bunch in his hands. Like dinkerball? Sake, Dary. This is hard enough to get through without you stopping all over his story, Dary. Sorry, good buddy. So, there he'd be floating off camera. I guess what he'd do. Allegedlys. .according to the cadets, is dip just his junk back into frame. No. Apparently did it all the time. Where's Houston in all this? Houston thought it was hilarious. But Bondar didn't? Nope. Bondar did not. Jesus Christ. I guess then what he'd do is he'd get on his comms. Allegedlys. Just telling you what the cadets told me. He'd go like, Hey, Bondar, check out space cam six. No. Yep. She report him? Oh, she reported it. Did they slap sanctions on him? Yeah. Yeah, he got jacked up. Good for Houstons. Mmmhmm. Of course, they were still supposed to be up there another two months together, and things only got worse. How? Remember what I was saying about the cone? Yeah? I guess whenever it was Bondar's turn to clean Beta quadrant, he would routinely batch and not cone it. Inexcusables! I ain't Bondar to tell you that's an understatement. I think she would, too. No, she never expected to be floating around some spaceman's quarters trying to catch airborne ejaculate in a plastic vacuum bag when she signed up for space camp. No, they only tell you about omega particles at space camp. Mmmhmm. This went on for two more months? Oh, no way, Dan. Oh, you better believe Houston aborted the mission. Bondar had strict orders to Picard Maneuver and warp 10 home. How many light years away were they? I was gonna ask, but then the cadets would know I was eavesdropping, so. Then what happened? They bring Bondar in for topsecret meeting, airtight boardroom, patdown, spawn entry, no cell phones inside and they said, Well, what do you wanna do here, Bondar? Lets him have it. No. No? No. You remember how I said she's oldschool. Yeah. Bondar says to him, she says, I'm gonna be down at the bar drinking Old Fashioneds. That guy's gonna get what's coming to him. Fucking buzzed herself out of the boardroom. Dids he? Well, Dan, one of them's up in space doing space activities, the other one's at a bar by Disney drinking Old Fashioneds. That woman is the portrait of class. She always has been. God bless yas, Robertas Bondars. Now, you can't be especially sure those were even real space cadets at the bar by Kennedy that day on account of being so close to Disney. Could have just been playing pretend or cosplaying, like so many in that area like to do. But if there weren't over there spinning the yarn, fucking Bondar for Prime Minister, eh? Allo. Oui, hello. Do it. Bae, no. Oh, come on, we talked about this. I told you MariePierre had to see it, and now, she's here. All right. Youse are sure you're laughing with me and not at me, eh? Absolutely not. Good enough. Is Katy there? Sup? Sup? Can you hold the camera for us? Sure. Oh, 'cause he's gonna do that thing for that second verse, right? Yup, the thing for the second verse is why we're here, lady. Gotcha. Ah, youse the luckiest. Caught me halfcaught here, fuck. All right, here goes. Oh! Bye!. Things we do for love, eh, big brother? Well, it's a keeper if ever there was one, bud. You looks like you're in a bad way over there, Dary. Yeah, I'm in a real bad way. Have a beer. I'm good. Ah, I don't need a beer either. Was actually thinking about a water. Ah, for hell, I'm having one. No one's driving, right? I'd have a beer. Atta boy. What's the matter, Dary? I just. I haven't talked to Anik in a bit. I haven't seen Aniks in a fortnight. A fortnight? Who the fuck are you? What she been up to, Dary? I don't know. I do. You do? Yeah, I've got Anik on Instagram. She has an Instagram? Airball! Dary, you don't know about Anik's Instagram? Katy, my butt cheeks are clenched up real tight right here. So, whatever you're driving at, get after it. Okay. I love a girl who knows what she wants and gets it, and I love Anik. But her Instagrams, I mean, I love this too, but it's skanky. Uhoh! A little Skank Sinatra? Little Skank Zappa? Skank Ocean. Oh, bother. What're we talking about here, little Tom Skanks? Little Skank Aaron? Skanklin D. Roosevelt. Can I see? Are your butt cheeks still clenched? Yes. Oh. That's a lot of likes. Well, life's a drive through, bud. Gotta just. Just keep moving forward. So, should. Should I do something? Well, she hasn't called you and she's posting motherfucking sexy photos, like, three times a day, so, perhaps. Wayne? Dary? What would you do if your gal had like a real racy Instagram account? Well, I haven't had to cross that bridge yet, good buddy, but she'd be a shaky one. She'd be dangerous. She'd be Muay Thai jai alai. Take an eye, big brother. Yeah, I'd have an eye. Oh! In the words of Scottie Wallis. That's what I said. I said. There's no way the photos can be that. Holy fucking. We're talking Y to the E to the W! I'm looking at yew! Come on, give me a big old, yew, boy! All right, big brother, let's get out of here. Where we going? You're not going anywhere. Yeah, you stay here, we gotta go get. Get something sorted. Where is Scottie Wallis anyways? He keeps poor company! You know, it's kind of suspicious. Twos of youse going off to someplace we'res not allowed to go to. Kind of makes a feller wonder. I'm not gonna ask any questions, 'cause I'm pretty sure I'll find out, sooner rather than later! Bad gas travels fast in a small town! Hey, do you think that, like, the other people in town know about her racy Instagram account? Well, Dary, we have previously established that bad gas does travel fast in a smalls town. But, uh, I do believe racy photos travel faster. Oh, I'm getting hammered. We're out of beers, bud. Then come with me to MoDeans? You don't have to ask me twice. Yew! Oh, fuck. There he is. Scottie Wallis. You need a big old yew! I stop the world and met with yew! New York, I love yew! Looks like she's just not that into yew! Bad gas travels fast in a small town. Sexy photos travel faster, boy, yew! Which we have previously established. Dary, do you know how many dudes are jerking off to your girlfriend right now? Yew! Wait, I actually know the answer. Yew. Sixteen point one thousand. Yew! I wailed on it before I got here, but I'd wail on it again. Yew! I just hammered on it too, but, Dary, yew! Scottie Wallis here? No. Thought we heard Scottie Wallis. What's the kerfuffle? Daryl sweetie's Instagram. Yew! Oh. I just jerked off to that. And I just jerked off to that. Jerked off to what? Stewart was just saying that he jerked off to Daryl sweetie's Instagram, and I was just saying that I jerked off to Stewart jerking off to Daryl sweetie's Instagram. You're gay? Super gay. Yeah. Just, uh. I'm not. Um, said it from the start, from the very beginning. You're one of them types. It's. I love my wife and. Uh, and you're a good enough guy, but I ain't one of yew! Where were you, Gail? Jerking off to Daryl sweetie's Instagram. I'm gonna run to, yewhoo! That's what I said. I said, Yew! Scottie Wallis is saying, Yewhoo! Where is Scottie Wallis? He keeps poor company. He's always good for a YEW! Somebody better tie my dick to my leg boys. Yew! Tie my dick while your at it. Yew!. Yew! Yew! I can't fucking believe your budget for this thing. Well, you can't take it with you, can you? Hey, big spender. You've never seen a hearse pullin' a money truck, have you? You mind if I wear a leopard print dress to this thing? I've got one burning a hole in my closet. You oughta to hear this. Allo. 'Sup? 'Sup? MarieFred, what's that big cat running around Africa with all the spots on it? A leopard. Yeah, and what's that fish bears like to catch in the streams? Um, salmon. What do you like in your icecream bars? Almonds. Atta girl. You driving up tonight, eh? Yeah. All right, well, go easy, lead foot. Okay. Oh, my God, get cuter. I didn't say the fucking words, right? Right. Not that I have it on my damn self. Well, ready? Well. Yeah. PitterPatter. I haven't been able to get a hold of you for about a week. Seems that everybody in Letterkenny is j. Jerks don't deserve your time. Probably best I didn't say the word. Look, I won't be coming around anymore. I wanted to tell you face to face. But why? Because you're Instagram famous now? No. Because I heard that doesn't have much of a shelf life according to BuzzFeed. Your'e too clingy, Daryl. You need to learn to give a girl space. Oh, bother. And I'm working things out with JeanClaude. I was impulsive in leaving him. Especially how I did. I got cold feet. We are none of us perfect. Does JeanClaude know about your racy Instagram photos? Love is trust. Well. That was a hells of a time to be rocking a piss. She comes by, says all them personal things, thinking youse are alone, but, no. No, I was here the whole time. I heards everythings. So, hey, maybes now you can enjoy her racy Instagrams like the rest of us, you know, without personal feelings, or insecurities seeping throughs, 'cause. You know. 'Cause. Yew! Well? Well. Here we go now. Here we go now. I heard. Bad gas travels fast in a small towns. I love that girl, Dary, but it's for the best. What's for the best? Dary and his gal. Skank Stallone? So, Daryl's single? Wanna dance? Always a silver lining. What are you looking at? Dary's exsweetie's Instagrams. Check out this one hot off the presses. I know what Scottie Wallis would say. He'd say, Yew! I was just gonna say that, I was gonna say, Yew!. Yew! Oh, Scottie Wallis. He keeps poor companies. What do you mean? Yew! I got a ticket. Shocker, lead foot. You just talked yourself out of something, dark bread. I got a question for you. Okay. Ask me inside. It's cold. The dog gave you a wee bit of a scare the other day. A stroke? That's what I said. But he didn't have a stroke. That's what they said. Why'd you thinks he was havin' a strokes? Well, he was out layin' in the sun for a few hours, when he came back up the house, his back end was all honey dick. How so? Well, it was like he was trying to walk and scratch himself at the same time and his brain couldn't figure out which one to focus on. So what did you do? I said, Oh, fuck, this is it. Is that what you did? I said, Oh, fuck, you're getting the needle. Better get one ready for me, too. He's okay, good buddy. Oh, fuck, If we're diggin' a hole, better dig a big one, I'm gettin' in there with him. But it's all been sorted? Oh, it's all sorted but I said, Oh, fuck, Dary. Yeah, we oughta leave this world behind. That's what I said. You knew that he was on bladder meds for the last three weeks. Fuckin' geezer. And that he'd be passing the bladder stones sometime around now and to expect some odd behavior, you still go worst case scenario? I said, Oh, fuck, this is it. And what was the verdict? Passin' bladder stones. Exactly. Just passing some bladder stones. There a fuckin' echo in here, Katy? I think he faked it. Faked what? A stroke. Why would the dog fakes a strokes? Gus faked a stroke so that he could go to the vet and get a thermometer up the bum. Look, if you're comin'. you better come correct. Well, look how Stormy responds to a thermometer up the bum. Hates her life. No time for a knuckler there either. No time for a twoknuckler. There's no such thing as a threeknuckler. Which we've established. Cito, too. Even the sight of a thermometer, send him scrambling. Yeah. God help the vet tries to throw a knuckler up Cito's bum. Vet might not get that one back. What are you sayin' here, Katy? I'm saying that Gus is. Look, if you're comin'. you better come correct! Gus is gay. No, he isn't. Yeah, he is. No, he isn't. Yeah, he is. Have you ever seen him mount a female? He's a gentleman. But you've seen him mount countless males. He'd mount the redhot tailpipe of a high CC quad. Katy, come off it! What if he is gay? What's the big deal? I don't give a fuck if he's gay. Maybe you do. Maybe you think that. Just gimme a minute. Gotta let that. Gotta let that marinate. Hey, Dary, what if Gus was gay? I don't give a fuck if he's gay. Dan, what if Gus is gay? Well, Professor Tricia's. I withdraw. See, Wayne, Gus is gay. What's the big deal? I already said I don't give a fuck if he's gay. Well, that makes me very happy. Just don't, uh. Don't go sayin' that around McMurray. Why? McMurray gets weird about that stuff. How so? Like, he's fine with it, if you're gay. If you're queer. Maybe he'd like to get honey dickin'. He just, uh, gets kind of weird talkin' about it, is all. How does he talk about it? Well, he'll just get all uncomfortable, you know. He'll be like, ahem. Uh, you know, if one of them come up to me and say, 'You're fuckin' cute, bud.' From what I said right from the start at the very beginning, 'I ain't one of ya.' That is about the best shit I've heard all day. Ahem, If they ever come up to me and say, 'Fuck, are you cute, bud.' You wanna know what I said right from the start at the very beginning? Yeah, uh, I. I love my wife. And you know, uh. Keep it away from me? No. not around me. Because, I ain't one of ya. This is fascinating. You know, Professor Tricia. You know what, Dan? Enough!. Ahem, I ain't one of ya. No, but, uh, yous got your street, yous got your day and from what I'm told, yous are here to stay. Just keep it away from me, 'cause I ain't one of ya. L.O.L. You know why? I don't really care, I mean, I don't like being told what to do myself there, either. Yous got your street. Yous got your day. Oh, boy, do I love my wife and, boy, she loves me. From what I'm told yous are here to stay. Not anywhere near me. Ahem, I ain't one of ya, but, uh, you know, you can think I'm cute, but, uh, you know, you're a good enough guy, but, uh, I see we both like tight Tshirts, but. We can have a beer, but nothin' else. 'Cause I ain't one of ya. Talkin' about, uh. You know, maybe, maybe you ever been to 'Pulco? What you never been down 'Cun? Ever been down to that 'Minican? Ever been down Caico? Gotta go down to Caicos, you never been to Caicos. Plenty of yous in the Florida Keys. Florida Keys, Florida for me's. Plenty of yous down Key West. I love the Key West. Key West is the best. Plenty of yous down Miami. Oh, hot jimmydonbobby, I been down to Miami. You all right with it if the dog's gay? Much told gays are here to stay. So. Guess he does always spring that red rocket when he's up on your lap. So that was in the cards. Snipes. Oh. snipers. Hey, boys, quick row down? Yeah, quick powwow, boys. You guys sure you want your snipers just cruising in there unattended? Chest puffer convention in there, boys. Dudes walking around with watermelons under each arm. Nothin' to worry about there. Uh, no reason not to trust her 'til she gives you one, boy. Wow, that's a mature approach, boys. Thinking the game far beyond your years, boys. You guys comin' to bush party tonight? You bet. You? The bush party we're hosting? Yeah. Perhaps. Mmm. boys. Boys! We got a bet going with Ronsy and Daxy. Who can tally the most take downs. That's a mature approach, boys. Thinking the game far beyond your years, boys. Mmm. All the college and uni tail home for the summer, boys. Gotta get it while the getting's goodest and the goods about to get got, get it? Got it. Good. More to that. The college and uni kids that are home that have taken their fightin' skills to the city for a year, they're thinkin' they're tougher than nails. More to that. There's a chest puffer in there beaking about being the toughest guy in his college town. And I think you know what that means. Well, are you gonna tell me? Well, if he's sayin' that he's the toughest guy in his college town, college towns are bigger than our town and that would also make him the toughest guy in. The toughest guy in Letterkenny. Who's the toughest guy in Letterkenny? Here we go now. Just givin' you a heads up. More to that. Suckers are fair game at a bush party. Yeah, like, if you see a dude giving me the stink eye, best just walk over there and sucker him. Yeah, because he's likely thinking about suckering you. Now you don't wanna get suckered. Yeah, we know the rules at a bush party, boys. All about the W's at a bush party, boys. They don't ask how, they ask how many at a bush party. Some chest puffer in there saying he's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. How'd that work out for you, JB? One's the loneliest number, bud. Yeah, well, second place is first loser. Lotta chin waggin' going on in there, eh? Yous ready? You tellin' me I don't look it? Heads on a swivel, boys. Use your peripherals. Who the fuck are you? Him or me, boys. Only rule of suckers. Here we go now! Holy shit, you just hop off a horse or were ya fucked up the ass? Tough carrying around those watermelons all day, pheasant? Enjoy the water weight 'til your creatine runs out, bud. You're gonna look like someone stuck a fuckin' pin in ya. Breathe, pilon. You're gonna get fuckin' hemorrhoids. Way to hustle, bro. Fuck, you could cut the sexual tension over there with a knife. Give your balls a tug, tit fucker. Fuck you, Shoresy. Put a shirt on. Fuck you, Reilly. Go scoop it off your mom's bedroom floor for me. She gives my nipples butterfly kisses. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom shot cum straight across the room and killed my Siamese Fighting Fish. Threw off the pH levels in my aquarium, you piece of shit. Fuck you, Shoresy. Do you hear yourself? Fuck you, Reilly. Should have heard your mom last night, she sounded like a window closing on a Tonkinese cat's tail. Sounded like, Ah. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Should have heard your mom last night. She sounded like my greataunt when I pull a surprise visit. She was like, Oh. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly. Your mom sneaky gushed so hard, she bucked me off the waterbed last night. Don't tell her I was thinking about Jonesy's mom the entire time! Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom ugly cried 'cause she left the lens cap on the camcorder last night. It's fuckin' amateur hour over there!.  Fuck you, Shoresy! That's it, Roaldy. Just enough to turn it green. I never thought I'd be able to put a wholesome spin on drug dealing, but here we are. GHB is the best party drug when used properly. What's it like? It's like the chattiness of good blow, with the euphoric high of good M. No way! And half the come down. No way. And you keep your appetite. Deelish. Kinda just flail. Holee. But when used improperly, it's the date rape drug. Ew. That's why we put green dye in it. In case some financial district chauch with contentious intentions tries to slip it into some girl's drink. .she'll know. I'd sure like to try it. I like sober Roald. I like sober Gae. Gae. Can't feel my legs. Not as much as I like sober Stewart. We'll go to the club at midnight. Sure thing, partner. Make that 30. Nope. And you better not be the ones who have been cropdusting this place for the past half hour. It's fuckin' gross. What are you doing? I don't know, straw bales and barley. Just between us girls? I'm a little concerned about my electrolytes. Feels like they're a little bit depleted. You gotta stay hydrated. Look, if your pee isn't clear, you're not hydrated. Just gotta approach this thing like a marathon runner. Throwin' so much hip in this sort of weather's a great way to get heat stroke. Ever had heat stroke? No. You don't want it. I'm actually surprised to see you out here doing this. Suppose you gotta find time for other things, though. The day'll get away on ya. You know, I don't mean to bring this up to your back door like this or anything. No, no. If a friend asks for help, you help him. I'm not complaining. I know you better than that. Just. just between us girls? Just between us girls. Girl talk. Girl talk. Whoever did that, that's fuckin' Timbits hockey. That's Saturday morning tyke skills camp. Hey, nice butt. Let's get some fuckin' bubble tea! Hey! We said watch our drinks. Fuckin' idiot! I did! No, you didn't. Look! Why are they green? Because someone put G in them. G's not green. Yes, it is!. No, it isn't. Yes, it is. And you shouldn't sell that stuff anymore. It's not safe. It's not supposed to be safe. It's drugs. It doesn't matter anyway. No one will buy it from you that way. Let's go find who's selling the green stuff. Whoa, whoa, whoa! What? Somebody else is selling in here? Yeah. And keeping us safe. Some vigilante shit. And when a girl asks you to watch her drink, watch her fuckin' drink. Fucking idiot! 'Lo. Of course I'll be there, it's on the property. 'Kay. Chest puffer's coming. Chch. What. what's going on there? Take downs, by the looks of it. No. With the Amish girls. No, they're not Amish. They're Mennonite. What's the difference? Mennonites can use cars and electricity. Amish can't. Mennonappers. Mennonight riders. Shmelly's. They're in this period of their lives called Rumspringa where they can just carry on like the rest of us for a while. Call us the English. Yeah. We're in the English world. We've been called worse. They can co to parties and be shit heads without any consequence from their parents. They can still go home and have a bed to sleep in no matter what. Why just let them go be shit heads? Well, it's to help them decide whether or not they want to stay in the English world permanently or go back to the Mennonite world and be with their families. What's in the Mennonite world? Whole lotta chorin'. Great pride in community. Generations and generations of inbreedings. How many stay in the English world? Few. But some do?. Yep. Some do. Roald! Stewart! Has our modus operandi escaped you? Stewart? Our M. O.! Fuck emo. Inconspicuous! I'm to spit in this? Veil your transactions. I'm down for trans action. Keep your dealings disclosed, lest we be made manifest. Are you guys sellin' the green G? That's us! Shh! Pleasure. This is some vigilante shit. Grazie. Wayne! Who the fuck are you? I'm the toughest guy in Letterkenny. Chch. Have an eye for suckers. We got 'em. Can I have a stick of gum? Yeah, you wanna stick? Yeah, I'll have a stick, if you got a stick. Stick of gum. I'll maybe take a second stick. More than one stick? Was drinkin' from the hose. It's a wee bit rusty down the line. That sounds like a twostick fire to me. Dary? Yeah? Say about. About. Okay. You gots a sticks of gum? Yeah, you wanna stick? If you gots a sticks, I'd takes a stick. Stick of gum. You got more than one stick? Yeah, you want more than one stick of gum? I drank some OJ's after brushin' my teeth. So, I'm breathin' fires. Yup, sounds like you need more than one stick. Dan? Say about. Abouts. 'Kay. Hey, you want a stick of gum? I know you've got a stick of gum. Yeah, I got a stick. Give me a stick. Stick of gum. I'll take another one for later too. More than one stick of gum? Yeah, I had some Gus & Bru in my coffee this morning. Yeah? You'll need more than one stick. Katy? Yeah? Say. About. About. 'Kay. Why do you keep asking us to say that, good buddy? Well. A GI Jehovah come up the laneway the other day. And he said it like, aboat. Aboat? Yes, like if you're out on the water, you're in. A boat. I ain't never heard no one says it like, aboats. That's a weird way to say, about. Well, to be fair.  To be fair To be fair, Yanks think we got a weird way of saying about. Yeah, what's that's all abouts? Well, they say it like, abowt. Abowt? Yeah, and they make fun of us for saying, about. No, I'm pretty sure Yanks make fun of us for sayin' aboot. Who says aboot? Ask a fuckin' Yank. A boot. Abowt. Aboot. And now. Aboat. Well, what did the GI have to say? Well. It's about heart, it's about passion, it's about discipline. It's about not having Christmas, isn't it? It's about so much more than you think it's about. So what did you do? Waste his time a wee bit, as you do. Well, then why don't you tell me what it's about? It's about Jesus, being God's only direct creation. It's about not drinkin', isn't it? It's about not watching R rated movies, as well. Well, it's for sure about not dancing. Pretty sure someone told me one time that's what it's about. For sure. It's about not listening to music containing immoral lyrics. What's your fuckin' name? Bob. Bob, tell me, what's good about it? Yeah, but what did he have to say? You wanna know what? Phone rang and went inside to get it, kinda forgot he was out there, so must have skedaddled. No! And I'd be more than happy to continue telling you what being a Jehovah's Witness is all about. How about I leave you behind some literature? What's your fuckin' name again? Bob. Get the fuck outta here, Bob. Okay. Hey! What'd you get into? He could use a stick of gum. Oh, Mennonites. Mennonappers. Fuck, can they run, those Nappers. That looks like Noah Dyck. And Anita Dyck. Wayne. Mr. Dyck. Dyck with a Y, yes. Daryl. Mrs. Dyck. Wayne, feel free to call me Noah Dyck. And, Daryl, please continue to call me Mrs. Dyck. Brings ya up the laneway? Wayne, your family's always been very good to our community and we appreciate it, once. You've used us right and hopefully you feel as though we've used you right, too. Without question. We appreciate it, once. Which is why I know I can count on your discretion. Especially in a matter as sensitive as this one. Can confirm. Okay. This is not easy to say, nor is it by any means an accusation. Where are our daughters? Anita Dyck. Now. Please. Our daughter, Charity. Charity Dyck? And her sister Chastity. Chastity Dyck? Are on their gap year, once. Isn't that called Rumspringa? Men are talking, Daryl. Anita Dyck and I are concerned that our little Dycks have been bitten, by the good time bug. And while Dycks have been known to slip out on occasion, our fear is that our Dycks have been out longer than we're comfortable with, once. Have you seen our Dycks? About yea tall, once. Strong nose, like their father, strongwilled, like their mother. I did see them at the bush party, actually. Dycks at a bush party, you say? I knew it. Shameful. Haven't seen them since though, truth be told. Katy, you seen a Dyck or two? That's a loaded question, big brother. Hello, Katy. Noah. Anita. Katherine. Lovely day. What brings you guys by? We heard out daughters were here and. Charity and. We'll take all the Charity Dyck you've got. All the Chastity Dyck, too. We want Charity and Chastity home before they get swayed into a life of bad decisions, once. They are free to decide whether the English world is for them. That is their right. But our Dycks belong in the hands of the Mennonite community. And we would like to gently suggest to them that they return home with us before they've been too exposed. Well, the last I saw them, they were with hockey players. I offered to give them a ride home but, they said that they wanted to walk. We Dycks can be hardheaded. Hockey players have quite the reputation for sticking their noses, and other things, where they don't belong. Can confirm. Oh, dear. My goodness. Good heavens. Heaven only knows. Well, the good news is, there's only a couple of places hockey players tend to hang out. Yeah, the gym or the barn. The barn? Oh, dear. My goodness. Good heavens. Heaven only knows. The hayloft. Intertwined in breathy clusters. Look, I should clarify. The barn, as in the hockey rink. Yeah, you're looking for two puck heads drivin' a Tonka truck. That's Reilly and Jonesy. And Noah, please go ahead and let us know if there's anything else we can do to help. Wayne, our entire community thanks you for your kindness as you've shown us here this day, once. Well, it looks like a couple of Dycks. Oh, hello there, Daniel. Haven't seen you in the age of a dog. Well, until soon. Goddamn Schmellies. Whoa. And a good day to ye both. I'm Noah Dyck, with a Y. And this is my wife. Anita Dyck. Ah, that's Jonesy. That's Reilly. Hello. Sorry to bother you, but we were wondering if. Where are our daughters? Yes. Dunno. Ditto. Sorry for the confusion. It's just that Wayne seemed to think you might have seen our Dycks. Oh, those Dycks. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Charity and, um. The other one. Chastity. Yeah. Yeah, it's all coming back to me now. We, we, we met them. But we didn't, like, meet them. No, definitely never met them. Well, have you seen them? Not, like, seen them, if that's what you mean. We're definitely not seeing your Dycks. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? No. But I do know this. If I find out you're lying to me, the wrath of an angry Dyck will leave a lasting mark. Once. Well, maybe check the Dollar Store. They may be dancing with the skids or something. Thank you so much for your time. Praise be to God. Praise be to Him. Praise be to you. Praise be. Well, blessed is the fruit. May the Lord open. Must be a new translation. What the fuck was that? You almost blew it! Charity! You know, you guys have been around like, a lot. The Dycks love the English world. Yeah, but I mean, the Mennonite world has its perks, too, I'm sure. Just put a little English on a Dyck. And we'll put a little Mennonite on a penis. Dan, why do you hate Mennonites so much? They're nice people, good workers. They're great workers. Good runners, too. Fuck, can they run. They drive a hard bargain on the business side. Yeah, can be a wee bit sheisty. Oh, they run like the wind. Every one of them can run. Tight with money. Great workers. They'll show you a thing or two about good work. They'll beat you in a race, boy. Fuck, can they run. Just because I respects them don't means I can't hates them. I'm gonna need a minute with that. That was like a quadruple negative. Well, how can you hate 'em? They're harmless. That's what they wants you to think. But deep down they're judgier than Judge Reinhold and Judge Judy watching Judge Dredds. Oh, is that what they are? I was fifteens at the time. Is that what you were? It was the Letterkenny Days picnic, hottest day in July. I believe yous were away at a balls tournament. The Jeff Davies Memorial. Jeff Davies was fast too. Not as fast as a Napper, though. Fuck, can they run. Anyhoo, it was the tater sack race. I always hated them. Burlap burns. First prize was an icecold glass of lemonades. We lined up at the start line and looked across to the finish line and there she was. A little Schmellie, holdin' up the prize lemonades, almost like a mirage. That's my favorite alltime chocolate bar. We locked eyes and smiled. Despite her broad shoulders, she was cute as a bug's horn. Good runner, too, no doubt. I was in first place coming down to the finish line, like the wind. So I guess you could say you had it in the bag? Heyo! Heyo! I did. When out of nowhere, this. Schmellie in a sack. No, I told you they were fast. I'm the one who's been saying this entire time how fast they are. Fuck, can they run. He comes tearing up from behinds me, knocks me over, ass over teakettles. Wasn't he disqualified? No. Well, Schmellies are sheisty. Yeah, he should have been DQ'd like a chocolatedipped cone. So who was he? Who's to say? It all happened so fast. I've never seens that Schmellie before or since. Alls I know is I watched him hop across the finish line upside down and claim my prize. Why was he upside down? He wasn't. I was. I ates it. Never got to the lemonade. Never got to chats with her. I never even seens her again. But I'll never forgets her. And guess who she was?. Who? Lovina Dyck. Lovina Dyck? That's right, Lovina Dyck. Younger sister of one Noah Dyck! Yeah, I know who that is. Fuck, she can run, boy. So you had a crush on a Schmellie? I did. And I had my hearts broken that day. And ever since then I have never trusted a Mennonapper. So, Lovina Dyck is the one who got away for Squirrelly Dan. What if Dan ended up with a Schmellie? And a Schmellie Dyck even? Let's try and find a way to never say Schmellie and Dyck in the same sentence. I do often wonders what's ever happeneds to her. Fuck, can they run. Whoa. Hello unto ye. I am Noah Dyck and this is my wife, Anita Dyck. How do you spell that? Why, with a Y, of course. Sure you guys aren't dykes? We are hoping you can help us find our daughters. How many do you have? Two. Oh. A pair of Dycks. Stewart!. Your Dycks are not our responsibility. Stewart! Maybe we have done awful things to them and they're sleeping it off in our tenement right now. But they'll dance again. Dance is a vertical expression of a horizontal intention. And I will urge you to never let your intentions be known in the presence of mine wife ever again, once. Why? I bet she's. Mennotight. Care to explore each other while the Mennonight is still young? Anita Dyck! Watch what you say, please, with your pink mouth, once. Ow! On the day of judgement, He will gather all nations, separate the sheep from the right and goats on the left. Which are you, sheep or goat? Sheep or goat? Goat! Goat? Where are my daughters? Names? Uh, Charity Dyck. Bless you. And Chastity Dyck. I've not seen a Charity Dyck. I've no use for a Chastity Dyck. Good. Yous are pure sinful. You Dycks appear firm. In your beliefs. Stewart! Ow! Ask Glen! He knows everything that goes on in Letterkenny! Get gone, goats! Why, it's a good thing you stepped in when you did, once. I was on the verge of getting rather cross. Boys. Boys. Grab a rake, tidy that gravel you've upset. We need a favor, boys. A big one, boys. What's the matter? Are your Robert Munsch book reports overdue? Thomas' Snowsuit or Moira's Birthday? Angela's Airplanes or Stephanie's Ponytails? Paperbag Princess was the best. Oh, I liked 50 Below Zero. What? Pigs was the best. Oh, no, David's Father. We don't have Robert Munsch book reports overdue. But if I had to pick my favorite, it'd be Mortimer. I'd pick The Boy In The Drawer, but only 'cause somebody probably already picked Love You Forever. Or my personal favorite. I Have to Go! No! This is serious, boys. We had to call off our takedown tourney with Ronsey and Daxie. We got Dycks all over us. Tragic. Those Schmellies are shwarming us, boys. Can we hide out here? Why? Katy, I'll put this gently. All they want to do is bang. They're Bangelina Jolie. We feel like characters in a Bang Lee movie. They need Banger Management. And now you want to hit the Mennopause button? They need more junk than a heroin addict. All they want to do is make pound cake. We're runnin' out of frosting, boys. What's the matter, boys, not enough wood to make the furniture? Boys, the Mennonite has come to the end of the road? They're Olympiclevel polevaulters, buddy. Ruthless on the uneven bar, bro. They're the renegades of spunk. Say jam, sucka. And now you're too tired to go all Mennonight long, Lionel Bitchy? Bonnet blisters on your birds? Tappin' out from tappin'. Bush league. Oh, there is bush. League? Beat it. Katy! Fine. Go up to my room. Thanks, KatyKat. Wait. You've said that before and it was to go bang. And like we said, we definitely have bangovers. But if you. Go. So, you wanna do. You wanna, like, do some sex or. Or. Go! They just parked the Jeep in the driveway. That is a new level of not smart. Should we move it? Nah. How are they ever gonna learn if we don't let 'em crash and burn? Do yous guys thinks that all Mennonites have a hankerings for frequent intimate relations? I'm gonna go ahead and give you the answer I can only assume you're hoping for, Dan. Big time. They are good workers. Fast runners, too. Fuck, can they run! Hello?. Hello. Hello? Hello? Hi, y'all. Sorry to interrupt your worship. Ah, don't be silly, Noah. I was just praying to Jesus's Mother, so the more the Maryer. What is the mat for? Oh, that's just me gettin' in a little exercise while I commune with the Lord. I call it YoGod. Pretty sure it's gonna be a thing. Now, I'm always excited to see a Dyck, but two Dycks at once? My cup runneth over. To what do I owe the pleasure of getting doubleDycked? I, Noah Dyck, am looking for my daughters. They're on their gap year, once, and we are fearful that the hedonistic lifestyle has captured their imaginations. Ugh, preach. I know all about it. You do? Well, of course I do. My parents were both in missionary positions in Africa. So, on my gap year, I ran away and joined an allmale period revue about dolphin poaching, called Master and Baiter. Yelp reviews included, It's fintastic, and, A performance with porpoise. Honest to pod? Noah! Honest to cod. One meanie on Yelp, however, wrote, Will this every dolfinish? But I didn't care because a buddy of mine and I made a blowhole we were both super proud of. Have you seen our Dycks or not? Anita Dyck, full stop. I have not. However, here's a thought. Go to the farm and ask Wayne, because I know if I was a teenage girl, and I'm 80% sure that I am not, that's exactly where I would go to get my gap filled. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Here I stand. Dyckless. Is that the Jeep that belongs to those two sleeveless ne'er do wells? Um. Noah, Anita. As you mentioned previously, we've always been honest with each other. God rewards honesty, once. God is the way, the truth and the life. Those two nut sacs are in the house. Wayne! Katy! If anyone in town was missing a kid or a cat, Nappers'd be the first ones knockin' offering help. It's only right we pay that forward. Do unto others as you would have them do unto. A golden. Wayne's right. Might as well come out, boys. The jig is up. God help you both! Anita Dyck. Anita Dyck. Dycks, please! Now we've all done things in our younger years that we later regrets. What didn't kill us, perhaps it made us stronger. If it was a bad time, maybe it led to a good story. Sometimes even both. But these young fellas was just being young fellas. You can't faults 'em for that. Just like your young gals was just being young gals. Curious. Experimentals. Super bendy. Gumby bendy. That's enough of. Anita Dyck. Anita. Tongues are like Aces, boys, you gotta know when to hold 'em. My point is there's also things we regrets in life that we didn't do. This is one time in my life I don't need a sermon, Daniel. Anita Dyck, let's listen with our heart on our sleeve. For examples, I regrets not telling your sister. She's Lovina Dyck. Yes, no, I know. I know who your sister is. And I regrets not telling your sister, Lovinas Dycks, that I was sweet on her all them years ago. I let my foolish pride gets in my way. Well, Dan, I had no idea. Although, it makes perfect sense. She's a wonderful woman. With a heart as big as her shoulders are broad. But I'm confused, once. What does this have to do with our tiny Dycks? Well, I'm quite sure that your daughters are gonna regret exchanging bodily fluids with these young fellas less than I regrets not letting Lovina Dycks knows I was sweets on her. Wanna know what, Squirrelly D? I'm really rooting for you here. But you can go ahead and summit Mount What's Your Point any time now. So, you likes to drive a hard bargain. Yeah, Nappers are a wee bit sheisty. Here's mine. If you lets this go, I'll bring your gals to ya. I seen 'em ups town not too long ago. But once I bring 'em to ya, you've gots to brings mes to Lovinas Dycks, so we can have a long overdues conversation. And maybe then all of us can gets some closures. Your sister heard an old favorite on the radio the other day. You know what I heard on the radio today who I haven't heard from in a really long time but lowkey love? Radio? Oh, so you were here when I said that then. Which radio? The one in the fuckin' truck. Are you being goofy right now? So, terrestrials radios! All right. Yeah. So you're being goofy right now. No, it's just I don't knows too many peoples who still listens to terrestrials radios. You've ceased mingling with the peasants then, hey, Dan? Internet radios, satellite radios and podcasters is far more populars these days. What do youse listen to? My Favorite Murder podcast. Taggart and Torrens podcast. Stern. Ah, Stern's fuckin' sexy. Most peoples just don't listen to terrestrials radio. Internet radios and satellite radios have become far superior. So, if Howard Stern's type of radio is better than terrestrial radio, would Howard Stern's type be. Extraterrestrial?. Extraterrestrial. Fuck you, Dary. Guess who I heard on terrestrial radio who I haven't heard from in a really long time but lowkey love? Who was it? DMX. Fuckin' A. You like him, too? Sure I do. Why? Well, because he's an animal lover. How do youse knows he's an animal lover? Well, on account of him always barkin' like a dog in his songs. See, that's why I lowkey love him. He just, he sounds so tough when he goes arf, arf at the end of a rap. How's that go, Katy? Arf, arf. I see. So, arf, arf. What the fuck was that? What's the problem? If DMX was here right now, he'd hoof you right in the nuts. I think DMX would assume Dary'd already been hoofed in the nuts. Yeah. I mean, you might as well make a cat sound at the end of a tough guy line. Well, how'd that go, Katy? Meow! No, but put some threatening rap music lyrics in front of it like DMX would. Okay. I'm clickclackin' and rack stackin', bitches know I'm packin', I'm the trillist. Meow! See? I see. It's not the same thing. Nope. No animal sound would have the same effect as a dog barking if you're tryin' to sound tough with rap music lyrics. Not one. Maybe it coulds. Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Okay, Dan. Let's put it to the test. Ahem. Uh. It's the jumpoff. Rockin' in my Tims. I'm the greatest. Get shook. Baa! Nope. This is America. Put the Benjamin's in the bag, bitch. Hoes in the trap, laid back in the 'Lac, I'm a don. Quack, quack, quack. Strike two. Number one country hustlers, I'll spray your crew and shoot up your funeral. It's beef and that's hunnid. Strike three. Youse outs. Ha, ha. Woo! J Hova. Original north side gang bangers. Bounce. Real Quick. Moo! Okay. Yes, I understands. I'm a PIMP. Banana clips in the Benz. I'll skeet on your main chick, you little bitch. Baa! Okay, you've made your points. Squeesquee. Ice on my wrist. I'm strappin' and clappin' the glock. I'm about to shoot up your block. Keep it gangster. Okay, that might be enough shouting. Machiavelli. Mom's spaghetti, it's straight yayo all day, yo. I'm the realist. Heehaw! I said you made our point! Gucci bag. Poppin' Dom. Racks on racks on racks, bitch. Make money. Imma shoot on your casket. This is getting obnoxious. Versace, Versace, Versace. Cash money, Uzi's in the back of the Bentley For real though. Ribbit. So you see, Dan? No animal sound is as tough as a dog sound. I'm the king of the jungle, bitch! Bow down!. I'm pretty sure that was a lion he was attempting there. So. So you stand corrected. Okay. Is. Is that okay? I. Just asking. Are you okay? Yep. Just. Just checking. Bye. Don't do that, bud. What? Ask your gal privately, but publicly, Are you okay? Well, I was just making sure. Yeah, you don't wanna get too needy with a gal like that, Dary. A gal like what? A gal who is, respectfully, super, super, super fuckin' hot. She's Victoria Secrets hot, there, good buddys. She's Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition hot, Dary. Well, yeah. All the more reason to make sure she's okay. Well, don't say we didn't warn ya. How's the day? Longest day of the year. Summer solsticks. And you know what that means. Century Club! A hundred shots of beer in a hundred minutes will buckle ya if you don't have a strategy. Let me just call the girlfriend and, uh, make sure it's okay with le ol' boule et chaine. Put your phone down, Dary. And fuckin' stomp on it. You try dating a French girl. Yeah, give it a shot, bud. 'Kay. Today on the summer solstice we honor the time good ol' Uncle Eddie got the worst sunburn this side of Sasky, thus having to spend the longest day of the year inside, drinkin' the bar down. Well, I'm not carrying Dan home from the bar this time. That was youse? Well. Who's in? The skids are sober, so they're out. And I don't know, I haven't heard from Reilly and Jonesy. McMurrays? Yeah, they'll be there. Mrs. McMurray tried to arrange some sort of predrink on Facebook. Which is really counterproductive for the Century Club. Also, fuck Facebook. You'll wanna avoid McMurray today. Is that possible? Why? Well, it is the Century Club, so he'll be shitfaced. And when McMurray gets shitfaced, things come out of him that are. Offputting. Like what? No. This one's best left parked. Well, now I'm just super curious. No, just. Just lets sleepin' dogs lies. Yeah, yeah, and don't kick a dead horse. Yeah, stay away from him today. Actually, stay away from him when he's shitfaced any time. You do realize you're driving us straight to him, right? Can confirm. Well, I got the ebrake on so. Better let it out. Can't control a French girl. Or a fuckin' bored one. 'Sup? 'Sup? We'll find out about it anyway. Look, here's the scoop and I'm gonna tell you. When McMurray gets shitfaced, he likes to recount stories from his boys' trips. He still goes on boys' trips and he's married? Grow up. Yeah, he says things that are, mmm. Spit it out. Shoot. Just the worst fuckin' things you've ever heards in your entire lives. This I promise youse. Thank you, Squirrelly Dan. MARIE My brother was a hockey player, all my cousins, too. I grew up with boys. The worst kind. So just try me. Samezies. All right. If we're goin' in, we're goin' in. We ain't stopping till the job's done. I should've packed a lunch for this. And final warning, this one is best left unpacked. Once we start you're gonna want us to stop. But we're not gonna stop. Prove it. You guys should do it in your McMurray's voice. Also keep your jaws clenched like he does when he's all shitfaced. You know, for its effects. Any time now. Buckles up. Wayne, how would youse like to talk about cunt? Hey, Dary, are you an ass man, a tits man, or a cunt man? Hey, you ever fucked a couple of tasties at the same time? Oh. Fucked so many tasties. They used to tell me, Hey, you wanna taste it? They used to say, Come on, big boy, wanna jam a little bit of a taste? I go down to Vegas with about 17 buddies every single year and you never seen so much cunt in your life. Ew! Hard Rock rooftop, poolside villas. I ain't never seen so much cunt in my life. Anybody tell ya they seen more cunt then that's a liar! I used to fuck so many tasties. Where is Mrs. McMurray in all this? We's don't ask those kinds of questions. I'll tell ya, the last time we were down there, we made a little hashtag so the boys could keep track of each other. Why don't you go ahead and search hashtag MashTheGash2018. The year before it was hashtag SlitSlam2017. Oh. They were just the tastiest little slits you've ever seen. You never seen a gash so tasty. You know what, Bobby, Jim Dandy, you're gonna lose a digit in that sort of snapper. Let me tell you something, Vegas, Hard Rock rooftop, poolside villas, that cunt's there for the money and the money's there for the cunt. Oui. Yous guys had that comin', good buddies. That's a keeper if there ever was one, eh, good buddy?. Katy? But the McMurray's are part of the lifestyle so don't they just do that kind of shit together? I mean, they seem so in love. Different strokes for different folks, Miss Katys. I don't think Mrs. McMurray knows about this. It's none of our beeswax, Miss Katy. And she oughtta. That's none of your beeswax, Miss Katy. What are you trying to say to me right now? I'm sorry, Miss Katys. Apples. How's the take down tally, gents? Almost at the finish line. Let's sprint, baby, you know I want it. Speaking of Finnish, I smashed a FinnishJordanian a few nights ago. Exquisite. I smashed a TonganMicmac just this morning. Yeah, I smashed a CatalanCameroonian. Yeah? I smashed a SwedishWest Indian. Good. Well I smashed an Interior SalishThaiSyrian. Okay. Ever smashed an East TimoresePapua New Guinean? No. Ever smashed a HonduranEmiratisMetis? Talk to me when you've smashed a Cape Verdean Bahraini Manitoban. I smashed a KazakhBaffin Island Inuit. Wonderful! Final day of competition. Let's all take a piss and get fuckin' some Nepalese Maritimers. Oh. Ow. Ronsey? Daxy. Hurt a bit when you pee? It burns, buddy. Jonesy? Reilly. It burns when I pee, buddy. It was that HaitianBangladeshi.  That Baja DesertUkrainian. It had to have been that Northern IrishMaori tribesman. It was that Saint LucianSikh separatist. Fuck! Oh, Katy. You better tuck in that bottom lip before ol' Tweety Bird comes along and makes a poopy poop on it. Glen, I will. Katy. Get a drink. Can I get a drink? Oh, no, no, Katy. Yell at me today. Because today I'm playing the role of Gail the bartender so that she may binge drink with all y'all, which is technically a form of alcoholism. It's gonna be a great day. Not for hay. Not today. Today we's stays. Inside? Fuck's sake. You're gonna fuck it up, bud. Meanwhile, hello there. Who's this nice little number, Wayne? She's like a. Like a little Cathy Deneuve or like a little Brigitte Bardot. Glen, this MarieFred. Oh. Enchante, MarieFred. Je m'appelle all fucking yours. I know what you mean, Gail. She's like a. Like a Juliet Binoche. Like a Marion Cotillard. I'm here with Wayne. Who? Wayne. I don't fuckin' know him. Yeah, you do. But I know you. Not yet. Soon. Oh, lads, just a little FYI reminder. I am taking over the bar for Gail today. We know! Tone. Where's Bonnies? Bonnie, how're ya now? Good and you? Not so bad. You callin' this thing t'day? One hundred shots of beer in 100 minutes. Rules are no pissin', no passsin' out and especially no pukin'. Ugh! No pukin', please! Ewweeyouwee, gross, gross! It's a carpet in here. Competition's slim this year. The skids are sober. Reilly and Jonesy called in sick. So, you've got a shot. One hundred shots to bes precise. Oh, Dan! Well, I'd have a beer. Katy have a beer? I need a beer. MarieFred, have a beer? I'd have a beer. Dan, have a beer? I'd have a beer. Dary, have a beer? You okay? Fuck sake. I'll grab them. This time, yes, but next time, talk to old Glen. Say, Glen, get me some beers. Because technically today I'm takin' over the bar for Gail. We know. Okay. I'm starting to hear, I'm sayin' it a lot and I'm being really detailed. You comin'? Thought I'd concealed it. Let's go. Oh, mercy. Bonnie, get the hot compress ready for Gail! She is some special, Wayne. She's like a little Genevieve Bujold. Or like a little MarieJosee Croze. Yep, a keeper if there ever was one, bud. Just makin' sure. Oh, Daryl. You're a bit of a tragedy today, aren't ya? A needy boy is a seedy boy. Okay? You're gonna fudge this up, buddy. I don't know why she's being so distant. Well. Take a look in the mirror you fuckin' asshole! Wayne! How's the good 'n' you bad are you now?. You're hammered. McMurray. Here they are. Well, I might've had a helpin' hand from a spicy little number by the name of Mrs. Pampered Puss McMurray. Hoo, boy! MRS. I'll tell you what. I might have a little base coat of ginski in this cocksucker. Mayfair. The good stuff. Hey, Gail! How are we doin' for ginski in this cocksucker? You got the Piger Henricus from. Quebec?. I got a Wendigo if you want a Quebec gin. Awesome. Ginski. Oh, heavens. Okay? Next time ask me 'cause I'm in charge of the bar today. I am a lucky man. Well, now that the sitdown pissers are trampin' off to the bar, youse guys wanna talk about cunt?. What a pain in the ass, eh, Ronsey?. I'd call it a pain in the dick, Daxy. Pain in the ass? Pain in the dick? REILLY AND. This is the end of days. Oh, relax, boys. At least it's not the gift that keeps on giving. Yeah, boys. Could've been the herpdog. How can you be so cold about this? It's your manhood, boys. Doesn't it just level you to see it like that? This isn't your. This is! DAX AND. Your first STD! Adorable. Wait. This. This isn't yours? DAX AND. No! How many have you had? That's a tough question. I don't even know. Oh, my God, is that bad? Oh, my God, is it? I'm more trying to think of a time when I didn't have one. Twowenty? Thirty? You're in the ballpark. I think? Oh, my God. Oh, my God, you're terrible. You're terrible. How the fuck can you be so calm about this? This is the end of days! REILLY AND.  This is the end of days! I think we learned a lesson here, buddy. I think so too, buddy. Which is odd because we're normally all about the antilesson, buddy. Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose type thing. Yeah, it was coming to us, bro. When we compete to take down babes. And nearly win. Still could win. But. Really. No one wins. It was that HimlayanBengaliCroat. That rascal!  The rungs of me be under under you Translated. You're havin'. Dary? Brehfekst. Atta boy. .with your pals the other day. You wearin' perfume, bud? Perfumes is for womens, good buddy. He's wearin's the cologne. It's actually an eau de toilette. Eau de toilet. Eau de dewdahday. What's the difference? Well, a cologne is about seven's percent's aromatic essence that dissolves in alcohols. Whereas an eau de toilette is 10% aromatics essences. There you go. An eau de toilette like this will evaporate from your skin pretty rapidly. So, you're gonna wanna load up on it. You could still take a good 23 to 27% off'er, bud. You never wears too much perfumes, Miss Katy's. And that's what I appreciate's about you's. Let's not. This eau de toilette is enchantingly refreshing on summer days like this. That may the softest thing you've ever said, Dary. No, it isn't. What is? I can't stand harsh metals against my skin. They give me a rash. Oh, I love's pancakes. Thank you, ladies. These are actually crepes. Pancakes with a French spin. What's the difference? Pancake batter has a rising agent in it. Baking powder. There you go. It makes them thick and fluffy. Crepe batter doesn't have a rising agent in it, so they're thinner. Chch. All's I know is that these would be great with some Elmira's maple syrup. You's two's could open up a crepe shop with these. Wanna know what? I already told her that. We call it, Planet of the Crepes. Crepe Canaveral. The Crepe Crusader. Crepe Winslett's. Do the Carpets Match the Crepes? The Crepe of Things. Date Crepe. I don't know about that one. It's Crepes on a Date. Get your mind outta the gutter. The Great EsCrepe. Crepe Fear. Sex, Lies and Video Crepe. Sadako and the Thousand Paper Crepes. Great book. It's actually pronounced krep. Yeah, you guys kind of butcher our language. Well, to be fair. To be fairah. To be fair. To be fairah. To be fairah. there's folks in France who think you's guys butcher your language. So. Ooh! Who gives a crepe! Wanna know what? There's pretty good ones for krep as well. Johnny Crepe. Holy Crepe. Total ECrepes of the Heart. Crepe Up, starring Channing Tatum. Crepe Up. The Streets. Crepe Le Pew. Le Creppaneur. I'd have a CrepsiCola. Rips, Crepes, Revelations! Crepititis. Oh, jeez, I don't knows about that one. Will you get off my dick today? Led Creppelin. You know, if I keeping eatin' all these crepes. I might get a crepe worm. Like a. it's like. it's like a tapeworm, but it's having the. No. Nope. Wish you weren't so fuckin' awkward, bud. Breakfast. Atta boy. 'lo? Oh, it's Stewart! He's in trouble. Who was that? Skid. Hello. It's Stewart! He's in tr. Who was that? Skid. Ahoy, hoy. Stewart's in trouble! Call me first, next time. He's deh. Isn't he sober now? Yeah, but he. he's. he's. he's. Slow down. He's. he's. he's. Breathe, Roaldy. Healing? Dealing! Dealing? Shocker. Yeah. There's another deh. and he. and he said he's gonna kill him. Okay. Well, stop dehhealing and come home. He won't. he won't! Why not? Because he's a vigi. he's a vigilante! Fuck sakes. Okay. We're coming. No. yeah. No, we're not. Yes, we are. No, we're not. Yes, we are. No, we're not. Dan, get off my dick today. Sorry, Miss Katy's. What's the problem, Wayne? You don't wanna go to the SPCA and play with the dogs? Oh! What's the matter, Dary? You don't wanna go to the food court in the mall and get a little of everything to create the perfect meal? Oh! And Dan, if, you get off my dick, we'll play Big Buck Hunter HD 42inch wild in one of the Donnelly bars. Robin Hood. pop culture's most beloved vigilante. Boisterous. Rebellious. Unstoppable. Just like me. Katy and the hicks are coming here and they're gonna take us home. Noah! Yesah! Noah! Yesah! No what? He said, Nowah! We keep drugs safe. It's not supposed to be safe. It's drugs! You don't relish being a vigilante, Roald? This is the third note stuck to the door this week! Mmm. The grammar's atrocious. Exceptionally odious. That's what makes it scary. They're too hardcore to proofread. Hard corny. You're so fuckin' funny. If they don't take the edifice of their letter seriously, why would I take their threat seriously? One mistake is enough for you to ignore the angel of death? Two. Two? Two mistakes! In two sentences. Your, versus, you're, youapostrophe re, is so fucking basic it's embarrassing. If you want to say, You are dead, which this fucking boob has cheaply attempted, then you'd want use. you're. Where is the other mistake? Omission of the word of. Oh, that may have been an intentional omission. Sure, Roald. He's a man of exorbitantly few words. So, my reply. Your threat is meaningless. Ooh! Got good hands. (GASPS, SQUEAKS) Stick that on the door! Roald, I would like to speak with Stewart privately. Oh. Ow! Again! Dream notch on the bedpost, boys. Go. Dead or alive? Either. Go. Terry Fox. Good one. Great one. Do you know how much ass Terry Fox would get if he was still alive? He could start with mine. Ronzy. Go. Gretz. God. Good one. The great one. Reilly. Go. Gretz. Get out. Paulina. Gotcha. Get it. Jonesy. Go. Grande. Ariana. Graceful. Glorious. Gracias. Ariana Grande looks like she's eight, titfucker. I'm givin' the preschool your plate numbers. Shoresy? And Gretz's daughter's a married woman, you classless piece of shit. She wouldn't fuck you if you had Mario's dangles and Messier's dick. Fuck you, Shoresy! Fuck you, Daxi. You wouldn't know what to do with the great one. He fires bigger rockets than Elon Musk. Oh, fuck you, MaryAnne. Fuck you, Ronzy. You're a marathon of dope. Terry Fox ran 3400 miles in a 143 days on one leg. If he were alive, he'd be gettin' handy's from Hiltons and Hadids. Fuck you, BettyAnne. If Terry Fox was alive, Gisele would be sliding into his DM's from Patriots' games. Fuck you, MaryAnne! If Terry Fox ran 143 days he smashed 143 broads and that's probably fuckin' light. Fuck you, Shoresy. If Terry Fox was alive he'd have an interview show like Seinfeld. You mean, Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee? Yeah. But it'd be called Canadians in Cars Getting Blow's. MARY If Terry Fox was alive he'd be smashing JLaw and JLo on ScarJo's boat. He'd be boatin' with Kylie Minogue. Let's get some fuckin' gyozas. Fuck you, Shoresy! Gimme a high five. Oh, gimme a high five right there. The city is not looking so bad right about now, eh, big brother. Know what? I'm just happy to be alive after sharing the expressway with city drivers. Boy, howdy. Did you ever notice that every time you go to merge, there just happens to be six inbreds merging at the exact same time? Come off the ramp, get your fuckin' foot in it. Yeah. And then ya got the wannabe Indie car drivers who have it right to the rug who kinda fly's up behind you and kiss bumpers. Like, what's your hurry's there Jimmy Hinchcliffe's? Greg Moore was the greatest. Oh, yeah, he was the fuckin' greatest. What's their hurry? They've got a fuckin' brunch line to go wait in. All right, well, what's the scoop here, KatyCat? We gonna go find Stewart or what? Well, now hold on one fiscal minute here, Wayne. Pizza, fries, sushis, Yogen Fruz. I thought we were going to the food court. Of course we are, Dary. Szechuan, shawarma, stir fries, Five Guys. We can't forgets about Colonels Cajun BBQs and DQs. Well, there's no way we're missing Tacos and Quiznos, Chipotle and ChickfilA. Wayne, we're meetin' the skids at the club at around midnight. That's still a good six calendar hours away, Katy. Simmer down. Yeah, but I still have to go find something to wear. Show these city girls what's up. All right. Let's split. You wanna know what? It's always so tough sayin' bye to the puppies. Like they're so cute you almost don't want to. That may be the softest thing you've ever said, big brother. No, it isn't. What is? How come no one ever compliments me on my eyelashes? You're paraphrasing. You fuckin' know it! Is that what I'm doin'? What I said was, I got real long eyelashes. But I'm surprised no one's ever noticed that. Gimme a high five. high five. Gae? Roaldy. Look! Oh, this is so agitating. I know. I'm frightened. I'm referring to the spelling and the grammar, Roald. Gives me the coldest pricklies. What have those wordsmiths assembled for us this segment?. How asinine! They can kiss my asinine. Oh, that ass is mine. I'm frightened! Yet another demeaning attempt to intimidate. And this one even better. Yeah. I'm pushing the panic button here, you guysers. Don't be such a jellyfish, Roald! My slowlearning, sevenyearold brother even knows it's, If you're. you apostrophe re, there. there tonight. Comma. No period. It's It apostrophe s. on. Period. I'd have chosen an exclamation point. I think you're right. Past notes haven't quite landed. Do you know what I mean? Yes, sans duress. They don't exactly have the tiger by the tail, do they? Not exactly whipping the excitement up to a real fever pitch. No. They are not. For a plethora of reasons. This death note, presumably the final installment, it requires urgency. Some sort of accent, I would agree. The exclamation point guides the reader to approach it more threateningly. Like, there's stakes there. Like, It's on! Right? Exactly. As opposed to a period. Because, if it's me. It's you. I read it like. It's on. The period leaves the decision up to the reader. It does suggest a more docile read. There's no room for ambiguity in death threats. Exclamation point? Yes. Sexclamation point. Oh. Go stick that on the door! Alleyyoop. Okay. Let's clean this shit up and go back in. I need to find something to wear tonight. Get my hussy on. Give me five calendar minutes to digest, and I'll join ya. Oh, so you're looking to find a nice bench to have a sit down outside a lingerie store, Dary? I'd be looking for a sit down, won't be no bench though. Be the throne then, Dary? Porcelain one. Can confirm. You should have a sits down in a public washrooms? Surprised I'm not having a sit down in a public washroom right now. You's would do such a thing's? Faster than Greg fuckin' Moore. How could ya, Dary? How could you do such a thing's? Public washrooms is disgusting. Poo particles is literally's airborne's. Oh, ceased mingling with the peasants again now, have we, Dan. Won't find a more violent environments on the planet Earth. Not for my money. Not for my money either. Oh, how's the weather up there in your ivory tower, Wayne? Well, I'll go in, just won't have a sitdown. I'll rock one, like a good old boy. Not a monster. Must be nice to have the option. Well, I just get the giggles is all. Ain't nothin' to giggle about in a cesspool of fecal matters and peepees. Sure there is. What? Well. farts. Ew. Well, there's nothin' funnier than a fart. Except kids fallin' off bikes maybe. Fuck, I could watch kids fall off bikes all fiscal day. I don't give a shit about your kids. Oh, yeah, it's super funny. You just be standing there, rocking a piss, dude will come up next to you. Just rip a fart. How is that funny? Dude droppin' his guts like that? I take's exceptions to it. Well, you're supposed to be standing there, nobody'll say nothing, you'll be rockin' one, peacefully. Then you just rip a fart. It's not funny's. It's fuckin' hilarious. What is your guys fascination with farts? Well, you don't know him. He doesn't know you. He ain't never heard one like that before. Yeah, farts will never not be funny. I will never not laugh at a fart. There's even a courtesy aspect of it, too. Ah, this should be interesting. Well, like if you go into a public bathroom, there's a guy in a stall, he'll announce his presence to you. Like how? He's sittin' there and maybe he'll clear his throat. Like. That's exactly how they do it, Dary. They go. Why would he want to announce that he's having a sit down? Well, the first sound you hear is not a fart. He's prepping you for the acoustics. And how is that courteous? Well, let's say you're like me, you get the giggles. From a fart? I get the giggles from a fart, yes. You're in there, you're at the urinal, you hear a fart, you giggle a wee bit. Get shaking. Piss goes everywhere. How do you think the pee's particles gets airborne's?. It's weird, 'cause dudes will fart in front of each other any day of the week. Soon as you get into a public stall, want to announce their presence. Make sure one doesn't sneak up on ya. But it's a public bathroom. You're supposed to hear those sorts of sounds. It's just different in there, Katy. It's more intimate. Come off it. Some dudes want to announce themselves by sniffing, which is not the right avenue. Ain't nothin' in there you wanna be sniffin'. No, I'm gonna tell ya. All right, come on, Dary. Let's go. You guys should make some betters efforts to avoid bacteria's exposures. Good hygiene is the only jeans that never goes out of styles. Dan, I think that might be the softest thing you've ever said. No, it isn't. What is? Okay. One time my perennials didn't come in for the second year, and you knows perennials is exposed to live more than two years. So, I says, I'm so upset about my perennials.. Yikes. Dary. Oy! Oh, girls! We can help with this. We don't want these dudes in the club either. Thanks, but some hicks are coming from Letterkenny and they're taking us home. Good luck getting him away from that. Sounds like some of that good fuckin'. Mmm. Mmmhmm. There may be animals being harmed in there. Listen to me. Some hicks from Letterkenny aren't gonna do it. These dudes roll deep. Take this shit seriously. You're keeping us safe. Even though it's not supposed to be safe 'cause it's drugs. And we appreciate it. But you're dealing on their turf. They're not gonna stop 'til you're off it. One way or another. They do not care. Look at their spelling. Dangerous grammar. Dangerous. That's what I said. Oh, my god, it's so big, Stewart! Mmm. Hmm. So, how's the take down tally, boys? Yeah, boys. How's the tail town? Undressin' and progressin' boys. Workin' smarter, not harder. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah. How's the titty tally on your end, boys. Suckin' some yayas? Come on, I get off on it. Yeah, you handlin' some knocks? Took down an AustralAsian just last week. How exotic. Smashed an IndoLaotian two nights ago. Festive. I know. Ever smashed an ArcticKuwaiti? No. Ever smashed an EcuadorianAlbanian? 'Course. Ever smashed a Sierra LeoneanSaudi? No. Ever smashed a Sri Lankan French citizen? Several. You ever smashed a UruguayanIsraeli? What? How about a CroatianQuebecer. Likely. You ever smashed a TibetanNew Zealander? No. How about a MoroccanHong Konger? No. Ever smashed a CubanUzbek? Come on. You ever smashed a MalteseCongolese? Boys, I think that's a dog. You ever smashed a BalticGermanSpaniard? That's for sure a dog, buddy. How about a BalticRussianIraqi? You've for sure smashed a PeruvianTurk. Everyone has. Same way everyone's smashed a WelshNigerian. Gimme a SwedishPhilipinno for dinner. And a GuatemalanSlovak for dessert. Ah. Gimme a TamilBritish Virgin Islander, Ronzy. Gimme a KosovarGreenlander, Daxi. I'm gonna gobble him all up. We could be in trouble in this takedown tourney, buddy. Gimme a QatariMontenegrin, Ronzy. Gimme a St. LucianLuxembourger, Daxi. I think we're in trouble, buddy. I'm gonna fuck a DutchAfghan! I'm fuckin' a Falkland IslandSerb! I'm gonna fuck a SomaliChinese Mainlander! I'm gonna fuck an IslamicSpartan!. This is IslamicSparta! Um, that was pretty fuckin' serious. That was pretty fuckin' serious. Bringin' weapons to a street fight. Strike five fuckin' million against the city. And a lot of them condo buildings just looks like human storages to me. Pretty fuckin' serious, skid? Mortally fuckin' serious, hick. It's time to come home, Stewart. Can we leave now? No! Train ain't comin' back, buds. Stewart? I said noah! Stewart, we gotta lay low for a while. What about. You go your way. I'll go another. It's best we split up. What about the. Just.just for now. I know what comes next. Stewart. Gae. Stewart? Roald! Why do you rebel? I hate my parents. And? I hate the world. And. I hate myself. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. It's not going anywhere any time soon. No. We'll rebel again. All right, we need to split too. Um, Miss Katy's? What? Was I's able's to successfully's. Stay off my dick today, Dan? Yes. And yes, you may. Gimme competition! You know what? It's better with an even number. You're discussing critical space stuff with your pals the other day. How would you batch in space? With immaculate care. Yeah, it'd go airborne if you didn't contain it. Depends on the length of the missions, I thinks. Like, if it's a pretty short mission, you can probably gets away without mixing a batch up theres. Maybe you can get away without mixing a batch. I mix one every night or I'm not sleeping. Kind of likes how I needs to takes a shower immediately afters I takes a shits? You'd cone it. What? Each spaceman's given a cone, put over your junk, for when you batch in space. They do? So let's say you're in your space quarters, you lay on your back in your bunk, put the cone over your junk and fire one up, and since it's zero gravity, your batch'd float up to the top of the cone, and remain there. Then what'll you do with it? Each cadet's got a space disposal in their quarters, so he'll just throw it in there. That what they do? Most important thing is to obstruct the space cam in your quarters so that the rest of the space cadets don't see you batching. I'd imagine they'd give you a few cones. Probably stick one of those cones over the camera. Exactly. Wayne? Dan. How did youse acquires this knowledge? You remember when I took Angie down Disney? Yeah. Was having drinks in a bar by Cape Canaveral and heard some cadets talking. Space cadets? Don't fuckin' piss me off, Dary. Isn't Cape Canaverals a ways away from Disney? It's not that far. Okay. You're having a drinks in Capes Canaverals and you overhear some cadets talk something about mixing a batch ups in space? Did I stutter? Crazier things have happened, I guess. Was Bondars there? Roberta? Yeah, Robertas Bondars, neuroscientist, Canada's first female astronauts. Fucking legend, Robertas Bondars. Yeah, Bondar was there. Nice. What about the other guy, um, what's his name? He just left, apparently. Wow, rubbing shoulders with North America's finest space cadets. Yeah. Bondar hammered? No. No, I seen her crash a few Old Fashioneds, but she was actually sitting in a quiet corner by herself. Wonder why the other guys left. I don't have that information, Dan. Can you imagine if North America's finest space cadets went ups into outer space togethers? Oh, they did. They dids? Yup. Houston wanted them to go up there together again, too. Bondar didn't wanna. Why nots? I don't think you wanna know. Well, sures, we dos. Look, youse didn't hear this from me, all right? All right. Dary, all right? All right. Look, a lot of people don't know this, but those two weren't just North America's finest spacemen, they were actually planet Earth's finest space people. So, of course, Houston wanted them up there together as much as possible. But they only went up theres togethers the one time? Yep. 'Cause Bondars didn't wants to go up theres with him agains. Yeah. Okay. So, like, he was as a bit of a guy's guy around Kennedy Center. You know, he played pranks and stuff, and they'd just say, Well, that's just him. Of course, Bondar was the more senior spaceman, had a bit of a reputation for, like, kicking it oldschool. Hence, the Old Fashioneds. So she didn't have a lot of time for the whole boyswillbeboys mentality. 'Kay. So, they finally shoehorned them up there together, knowin' full well it was oil and water. And I guess you can say he proved them right. Those space cadets really tell tales out of school, eh? Yep. What happened next? So, each spaceman's got a space cam in their quarters which are connected to the other spacemen's quarters, as well as the main shuttle bay and the saucer section, the two smaller bays and the stardrive section. They'd be connected to the main bridge? Of course, they are, Dary. Fuck's sake. So, we're talking about an elite vessel here? NASA'd never send a ship up there if it wasn't galaxy class. You bet they wouldn't. Same with Elon Musk, but apparently Russia does it all the time. Fucking joke star fleet. So, what happened next? So, Bondar'd be up in Alpha quadrant, keeping the Captain's log, likely, of the events. Yeah. And they'd all just come out of a Yeager loop, so she was a bit worn out. Yeah, she wouldn't be at full bars. But, of course, there's Bondar still up there in Alpha, keeping an eye out for wormholes and what not. Yeah. I guess there he'd be down there in Beta quadrant, floating around in space quarters, which Bondar could see, so could Houston. I guess what he'd do is float offcamera, pull his space pants down, grab his junk in a bunch in his hands. Like dinkerball? Sake, Dary. This is hard enough to get through without you stopping all over his story, Dary. Sorry, good buddy. So, there he'd be floating off camera. I guess what he'd do. Allegedlys. .according to the cadets, is dip just his junk back into frame. No. Apparently did it all the time. Where's Houston in all this? Houston thought it was hilarious. But Bondar didn't? Nope. Bondar did not. Jesus Christ. I guess then what he'd do is he'd get on his comms. Allegedlys. Just telling you what the cadets told me. He'd go like, Hey, Bondar, check out space cam six. No. Yep. She report him? Oh, she reported it. Did they slap sanctions on him? Yeah. Yeah, he got jacked up. Good for Houstons. Mmmhmm. Of course, they were still supposed to be up there another two months together, and things only got worse. How? Remember what I was saying about the cone? Yeah? I guess whenever it was Bondar's turn to clean Beta quadrant, he would routinely batch and not cone it. Inexcusables! I ain't Bondar to tell you that's an understatement. I think she would, too. No, she never expected to be floating around some spaceman's quarters trying to catch airborne ejaculate in a plastic vacuum bag when she signed up for space camp. No, they only tell you about omega particles at space camp. Mmmhmm. This went on for two more months? Oh, no way, Dan. Oh, you better believe Houston aborted the mission. Bondar had strict orders to Picard Maneuver and warp 10 home. How many light years away were they? I was gonna ask, but then the cadets would know I was eavesdropping, so. Then what happened? They bring Bondar in for topsecret meeting, airtight boardroom, patdown, spawn entry, no cell phones inside and they said, Well, what do you wanna do here, Bondar? Lets him have it. No. No? No. You remember how I said she's oldschool. Yeah. Bondar says to him, she says, I'm gonna be down at the bar drinking Old Fashioneds. That guy's gonna get what's coming to him. Fucking buzzed herself out of the boardroom. Dids he? Well, Dan, one of them's up in space doing space activities, the other one's at a bar by Disney drinking Old Fashioneds. That woman is the portrait of class. She always has been. God bless yas, Robertas Bondars. Now, you can't be especially sure those were even real space cadets at the bar by Kennedy that day on account of being so close to Disney. Could have just been playing pretend or cosplaying, like so many in that area like to do. But if there weren't over there spinning the yarn, fucking Bondar for Prime Minister, eh? Allo. Oui, hello. Do it. Bae, no. Oh, come on, we talked about this. I told you MariePierre had to see it, and now, she's here. All right. Youse are sure you're laughing with me and not at me, eh? Absolutely not. Good enough. Is Katy there? Sup? Sup? Can you hold the camera for us? Sure. Oh, 'cause he's gonna do that thing for that second verse, right? Yup, the thing for the second verse is why we're here, lady. Gotcha. Ah, youse the luckiest. Caught me halfcaught here, fuck. All right, here goes. Oh! Bye!. Things we do for love, eh, big brother? Well, it's a keeper if ever there was one, bud. You looks like you're in a bad way over there, Dary. Yeah, I'm in a real bad way. Have a beer. I'm good. Ah, I don't need a beer either. Was actually thinking about a water. Ah, for hell, I'm having one. No one's driving, right? I'd have a beer. Atta boy. What's the matter, Dary? I just. I haven't talked to Anik in a bit. I haven't seen Aniks in a fortnight. A fortnight? Who the fuck are you? What she been up to, Dary? I don't know. I do. You do? Yeah, I've got Anik on Instagram. She has an Instagram? Airball! Dary, you don't know about Anik's Instagram? Katy, my butt cheeks are clenched up real tight right here. So, whatever you're driving at, get after it. Okay. I love a girl who knows what she wants and gets it, and I love Anik. But her Instagrams, I mean, I love this too, but it's skanky. Uhoh! A little Skank Sinatra? Little Skank Zappa? Skank Ocean. Oh, bother. What're we talking about here, little Tom Skanks? Little Skank Aaron? Skanklin D. Roosevelt. Can I see? Are your butt cheeks still clenched? Yes. Oh. That's a lot of likes. Well, life's a drive through, bud. Gotta just. Just keep moving forward. So, should. Should I do something? Well, she hasn't called you and she's posting motherfucking sexy photos, like, three times a day, so, perhaps. Wayne? Dary? What would you do if your gal had like a real racy Instagram account? Well, I haven't had to cross that bridge yet, good buddy, but she'd be a shaky one. She'd be dangerous. She'd be Muay Thai jai alai. Take an eye, big brother. Yeah, I'd have an eye. Oh! In the words of Scottie Wallis. That's what I said. I said. There's no way the photos can be that. Holy fucking. We're talking Y to the E to the W! I'm looking at yew! Come on, give me a big old, yew, boy! All right, big brother, let's get out of here. Where we going? You're not going anywhere. Yeah, you stay here, we gotta go get. Get something sorted. Where is Scottie Wallis anyways? He keeps poor company! You know, it's kind of suspicious. Twos of youse going off to someplace we'res not allowed to go to. Kind of makes a feller wonder. I'm not gonna ask any questions, 'cause I'm pretty sure I'll find out, sooner rather than later! Bad gas travels fast in a small town! Hey, do you think that, like, the other people in town know about her racy Instagram account? Well, Dary, we have previously established that bad gas does travel fast in a smalls town. But, uh, I do believe racy photos travel faster. Oh, I'm getting hammered. We're out of beers, bud. Then come with me to MoDeans? You don't have to ask me twice. Yew! Oh, fuck. There he is. Scottie Wallis. You need a big old yew! I stop the world and met with yew! New York, I love yew! Looks like she's just not that into yew! Bad gas travels fast in a small town. Sexy photos travel faster, boy, yew! Which we have previously established. Dary, do you know how many dudes are jerking off to your girlfriend right now? Yew! Wait, I actually know the answer. Yew. Sixteen point one thousand. Yew! I wailed on it before I got here, but I'd wail on it again. Yew! I just hammered on it too, but, Dary, yew! Scottie Wallis here? No. Thought we heard Scottie Wallis. What's the kerfuffle? Daryl sweetie's Instagram. Yew! Oh. I just jerked off to that. And I just jerked off to that. Jerked off to what? Stewart was just saying that he jerked off to Daryl sweetie's Instagram, and I was just saying that I jerked off to Stewart jerking off to Daryl sweetie's Instagram. You're gay? Super gay. Yeah. Just, uh. I'm not. Um, said it from the start, from the very beginning. You're one of them types. It's. I love my wife and. Uh, and you're a good enough guy, but I ain't one of yew! Where were you, Gail? Jerking off to Daryl sweetie's Instagram. I'm gonna run to, yewhoo! That's what I said. I said, Yew! Scottie Wallis is saying, Yewhoo! Where is Scottie Wallis? He keeps poor company. He's always good for a YEW! Somebody better tie my dick to my leg boys. Yew! Tie my dick while your at it. Yew!. Yew! Yew! I can't fucking believe your budget for this thing. Well, you can't take it with you, can you? Hey, big spender. You've never seen a hearse pullin' a money truck, have you? You mind if I wear a leopard print dress to this thing? I've got one burning a hole in my closet. You oughta to hear this. Allo. 'Sup? 'Sup? MarieFred, what's that big cat running around Africa with all the spots on it? A leopard. Yeah, and what's that fish bears like to catch in the streams? Um, salmon. What do you like in your icecream bars? Almonds. Atta girl. You driving up tonight, eh? Yeah. All right, well, go easy, lead foot. Okay. Oh, my God, get cuter. I didn't say the fucking words, right? Right. Not that I have it on my damn self. Well, ready? Well. Yeah. PitterPatter. I haven't been able to get a hold of you for about a week. Seems that everybody in Letterkenny is j. Jerks don't deserve your time. Probably best I didn't say the word. Look, I won't be coming around anymore. I wanted to tell you face to face. But why? Because you're Instagram famous now? No. Because I heard that doesn't have much of a shelf life according to BuzzFeed. Your'e too clingy, Daryl. You need to learn to give a girl space. Oh, bother. And I'm working things out with JeanClaude. I was impulsive in leaving him. Especially how I did. I got cold feet. We are none of us perfect. Does JeanClaude know about your racy Instagram photos? Love is trust. Well. That was a hells of a time to be rocking a piss. She comes by, says all them personal things, thinking youse are alone, but, no. No, I was here the whole time. I heards everythings. So, hey, maybes now you can enjoy her racy Instagrams like the rest of us, you know, without personal feelings, or insecurities seeping throughs, 'cause. You know. 'Cause. Yew! Well? Well. Here we go now. Here we go now. I heard. Bad gas travels fast in a small towns. I love that girl, Dary, but it's for the best. What's for the best? Dary and his gal. Skank Stallone? So, Daryl's single? Wanna dance? Always a silver lining. What are you looking at? Dary's exsweetie's Instagrams. Check out this one hot off the presses. I know what Scottie Wallis would say. He'd say, Yew! I was just gonna say that, I was gonna say, Yew!. Yew! Oh, Scottie Wallis. He keeps poor companies. What do you mean? Yew! I got a ticket. Shocker, lead foot. You just talked yourself out of something, dark bread. I got a question for you. Okay. Ask me inside. It's cold. The dog gave you a wee bit of a scare the other day. A stroke? That's what I said. But he didn't have a stroke. That's what they said. Why'd you thinks he was havin' a strokes? Well, he was out layin' in the sun for a few hours, when he came back up the house, his back end was all honey dick. How so? Well, it was like he was trying to walk and scratch himself at the same time and his brain couldn't figure out which one to focus on. So what did you do? I said, Oh, fuck, this is it. Is that what you did? I said, Oh, fuck, you're getting the needle. Better get one ready for me, too. He's okay, good buddy. Oh, fuck, If we're diggin' a hole, better dig a big one, I'm gettin' in there with him. But it's all been sorted? Oh, it's all sorted but I said, Oh, fuck, Dary. Yeah, we oughta leave this world behind. That's what I said. You knew that he was on bladder meds for the last three weeks. Fuckin' geezer. And that he'd be passing the bladder stones sometime around now and to expect some odd behavior, you still go worst case scenario? I said, Oh, fuck, this is it. And what was the verdict? Passin' bladder stones. Exactly. Just passing some bladder stones. There a fuckin' echo in here, Katy? I think he faked it. Faked what? A stroke. Why would the dog fakes a strokes? Gus faked a stroke so that he could go to the vet and get a thermometer up the bum. Look, if you're comin'. you better come correct. Well, look how Stormy responds to a thermometer up the bum. Hates her life. No time for a knuckler there either. No time for a twoknuckler. There's no such thing as a threeknuckler. Which we've established. Cito, too. Even the sight of a thermometer, send him scrambling. Yeah. God help the vet tries to throw a knuckler up Cito's bum. Vet might not get that one back. What are you sayin' here, Katy? I'm saying that Gus is. Look, if you're comin'. you better come correct! Gus is gay. No, he isn't. Yeah, he is. No, he isn't. Yeah, he is. Have you ever seen him mount a female? He's a gentleman. But you've seen him mount countless males. He'd mount the redhot tailpipe of a high CC quad. Katy, come off it! What if he is gay? What's the big deal? I don't give a fuck if he's gay. Maybe you do. Maybe you think that. Just gimme a minute. Gotta let that. Gotta let that marinate. Hey, Dary, what if Gus was gay? I don't give a fuck if he's gay. Dan, what if Gus is gay? Well, Professor Tricia's. I withdraw. See, Wayne, Gus is gay. What's the big deal? I already said I don't give a fuck if he's gay. Well, that makes me very happy. Just don't, uh. Don't go sayin' that around McMurray. Why? McMurray gets weird about that stuff. How so? Like, he's fine with it, if you're gay. If you're queer. Maybe he'd like to get honey dickin'. He just, uh, gets kind of weird talkin' about it, is all. How does he talk about it? Well, he'll just get all uncomfortable, you know. He'll be like, ahem. Uh, you know, if one of them come up to me and say, 'You're fuckin' cute, bud.' From what I said right from the start at the very beginning, 'I ain't one of ya.' That is about the best shit I've heard all day. Ahem, If they ever come up to me and say, 'Fuck, are you cute, bud.' You wanna know what I said right from the start at the very beginning? Yeah, uh, I. I love my wife. And you know, uh. Keep it away from me? No. not around me. Because, I ain't one of ya. This is fascinating. You know, Professor Tricia. You know what, Dan? Enough!. Ahem, I ain't one of ya. No, but, uh, yous got your street, yous got your day and from what I'm told, yous are here to stay. Just keep it away from me, 'cause I ain't one of ya. L.O.L. You know why? I don't really care, I mean, I don't like being told what to do myself there, either. Yous got your street. Yous got your day. Oh, boy, do I love my wife and, boy, she loves me. From what I'm told yous are here to stay. Not anywhere near me. Ahem, I ain't one of ya, but, uh, you know, you can think I'm cute, but, uh, you know, you're a good enough guy, but, uh, I see we both like tight Tshirts, but. We can have a beer, but nothin' else. 'Cause I ain't one of ya. Talkin' about, uh. You know, maybe, maybe you ever been to 'Pulco? What you never been down 'Cun? Ever been down to that 'Minican? Ever been down Caico? Gotta go down to Caicos, you never been to Caicos. Plenty of yous in the Florida Keys. Florida Keys, Florida for me's. Plenty of yous down Key West. I love the Key West. Key West is the best. Plenty of yous down Miami. Oh, hot jimmydonbobby, I been down to Miami. You all right with it if the dog's gay? Much told gays are here to stay. So. Guess he does always spring that red rocket when he's up on your lap. So that was in the cards. Snipes. Oh. snipers. Hey, boys, quick row down? Yeah, quick powwow, boys. You guys sure you want your snipers just cruising in there unattended? Chest puffer convention in there, boys. Dudes walking around with watermelons under each arm. Nothin' to worry about there. Uh, no reason not to trust her 'til she gives you one, boy. Wow, that's a mature approach, boys. Thinking the game far beyond your years, boys. You guys comin' to bush party tonight? You bet. You? The bush party we're hosting? Yeah. Perhaps. Mmm. boys. Boys! We got a bet going with Ronsy and Daxy. Who can tally the most take downs. That's a mature approach, boys. Thinking the game far beyond your years, boys. Mmm. All the college and uni tail home for the summer, boys. Gotta get it while the getting's goodest and the goods about to get got, get it? Got it. Good. More to that. The college and uni kids that are home that have taken their fightin' skills to the city for a year, they're thinkin' they're tougher than nails. More to that. There's a chest puffer in there beaking about being the toughest guy in his college town. And I think you know what that means. Well, are you gonna tell me? Well, if he's sayin' that he's the toughest guy in his college town, college towns are bigger than our town and that would also make him the toughest guy in. The toughest guy in Letterkenny. Who's the toughest guy in Letterkenny? Here we go now. Just givin' you a heads up. More to that. Suckers are fair game at a bush party. Yeah, like, if you see a dude giving me the stink eye, best just walk over there and sucker him. Yeah, because he's likely thinking about suckering you. Now you don't wanna get suckered. Yeah, we know the rules at a bush party, boys. All about the W's at a bush party, boys. They don't ask how, they ask how many at a bush party. Some chest puffer in there saying he's the toughest guy in Letterkenny. How'd that work out for you, JB? One's the loneliest number, bud. Yeah, well, second place is first loser. Lotta chin waggin' going on in there, eh? Yous ready? You tellin' me I don't look it? Heads on a swivel, boys. Use your peripherals. Who the fuck are you? Him or me, boys. Only rule of suckers. Here we go now! Holy shit, you just hop off a horse or were ya fucked up the ass? Tough carrying around those watermelons all day, pheasant? Enjoy the water weight 'til your creatine runs out, bud. You're gonna look like someone stuck a fuckin' pin in ya. Breathe, pilon. You're gonna get fuckin' hemorrhoids. Way to hustle, bro. Fuck, you could cut the sexual tension over there with a knife. Give your balls a tug, tit fucker. Fuck you, Shoresy. Put a shirt on. Fuck you, Reilly. Go scoop it off your mom's bedroom floor for me. She gives my nipples butterfly kisses. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom shot cum straight across the room and killed my Siamese Fighting Fish. Threw off the pH levels in my aquarium, you piece of shit. Fuck you, Shoresy. Do you hear yourself? Fuck you, Reilly. Should have heard your mom last night, she sounded like a window closing on a Tonkinese cat's tail. Sounded like, Ah. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Should have heard your mom last night. She sounded like my greataunt when I pull a surprise visit. She was like, Oh. Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Reilly. Your mom sneaky gushed so hard, she bucked me off the waterbed last night. Don't tell her I was thinking about Jonesy's mom the entire time! Fuck you, Shoresy. Fuck you, Jonesy. Your mom ugly cried 'cause she left the lens cap on the camcorder last night. It's fuckin' amateur hour over there!.  Fuck you, Shoresy! That's it, Roaldy. Just enough to turn it green. I never thought I'd be able to put a wholesome spin on drug dealing, but here we are. GHB is the best party drug when used properly. What's it like? It's like the chattiness of good blow, with the euphoric high of good M. No way! And half the come down. No way. And you keep your appetite. Deelish. Kinda just flail. Holee. But when used improperly, it's the date rape drug. Ew. That's why we put green dye in it. In case some financial district chauch with contentious intentions tries to slip it into some girl's drink. .she'll know. I'd sure like to try it. I like sober Roald. I like sober Gae. Gae. Can't feel my legs. Not as much as I like sober Stewart. We'll go to the club at midnight. Sure thing, partner. Make that 30. Nope. And you better not be the ones who have been cropdusting this place for the past half hour. It's fuckin' gross. What are you doing? I don't know, straw bales and barley. Just between us girls? I'm a little concerned about my electrolytes. Feels like they're a little bit depleted. You gotta stay hydrated. Look, if your pee isn't clear, you're not hydrated. Just gotta approach this thing like a marathon runner. Throwin' so much hip in this sort of weather's a great way to get heat stroke. Ever had heat stroke? No. You don't want it. I'm actually surprised to see you out here doing this. Suppose you gotta find time for other things, though. The day'll get away on ya. You know, I don't mean to bring this up to your back door like this or anything. No, no. If a friend asks for help, you help him. I'm not complaining. I know you better than that. Just. just between us girls? Just between us girls. Girl talk. Girl talk. Whoever did that, that's fuckin' Timbits hockey. That's Saturday morning tyke skills camp. Hey, nice butt. Let's get some fuckin' bubble tea! Hey! We said watch our drinks. Fuckin' idiot! I did! No, you didn't. Look! Why are they green? Because someone put G in them. G's not green. Yes, it is!. No, it isn't. Yes, it is. And you shouldn't sell that stuff anymore. It's not safe. It's not supposed to be safe. It's drugs. It doesn't matter anyway. No one will buy it from you that way. Let's go find who's selling the green stuff. Whoa, whoa, whoa! What? Somebody else is selling in here? Yeah. And keeping us safe. Some vigilante shit. And when a girl asks you to watch her drink, watch her fuckin' drink. Fucking idiot! 'Lo. Of course I'll be there, it's on the property. 'Kay. Chest puffer's coming. Chch. What. what's going on there? Take downs, by the looks of it. No. With the Amish girls. No, they're not Amish. They're Mennonite. What's the difference? Mennonites can use cars and electricity. Amish can't. Mennonappers. Mennonight riders. Shmelly's. They're in this period of their lives called Rumspringa where they can just carry on like the rest of us for a while. Call us the English. Yeah. We're in the English world. We've been called worse. They can co to parties and be shit heads without any consequence from their parents. They can still go home and have a bed to sleep in no matter what. Why just let them go be shit heads? Well, it's to help them decide whether or not they want to stay in the English world permanently or go back to the Mennonite world and be with their families. What's in the Mennonite world? Whole lotta chorin'. Great pride in community. Generations and generations of inbreedings. How many stay in the English world? Few. But some do?. Yep. Some do. Roald! Stewart! Has our modus operandi escaped you? Stewart? Our M. O.! Fuck emo. Inconspicuous! I'm to spit in this? Veil your transactions. I'm down for trans action. Keep your dealings disclosed, lest we be made manifest. Are you guys sellin' the green G? That's us! Shh! Pleasure. This is some vigilante shit. Grazie. Wayne! Who the fuck are you? I'm the toughest guy in Letterkenny. Chch. Have an eye for suckers. We got 'em. Can I have a stick of gum? Yeah, you wanna stick? Yeah, I'll have a stick, if you got a stick. Stick of gum. I'll maybe take a second stick. More than one stick? Was drinkin' from the hose. It's a wee bit rusty down the line. That sounds like a twostick fire to me. Dary? Yeah? Say about. About. Okay. You gots a sticks of gum? Yeah, you wanna stick? If you gots a sticks, I'd takes a stick. Stick of gum. You got more than one stick? Yeah, you want more than one stick of gum? I drank some OJ's after brushin' my teeth. So, I'm breathin' fires. Yup, sounds like you need more than one stick. Dan? Say about. Abouts. 'Kay. Hey, you want a stick of gum? I know you've got a stick of gum. Yeah, I got a stick. Give me a stick. Stick of gum. I'll take another one for later too. More than one stick of gum? Yeah, I had some Gus & Bru in my coffee this morning. Yeah? You'll need more than one stick. Katy? Yeah? Say. About. About. 'Kay. Why do you keep asking us to say that, good buddy? Well. A GI Jehovah come up the laneway the other day. And he said it like, aboat. Aboat? Yes, like if you're out on the water, you're in. A boat. I ain't never heard no one says it like, aboats. That's a weird way to say, about. Well, to be fair.  To be fair To be fair, Yanks think we got a weird way of saying about. Yeah, what's that's all abouts? Well, they say it like, abowt. Abowt? Yeah, and they make fun of us for saying, about. No, I'm pretty sure Yanks make fun of us for sayin' aboot. Who says aboot? Ask a fuckin' Yank. A boot. Abowt. Aboot. And now. Aboat. Well, what did the GI have to say? Well. It's about heart, it's about passion, it's about discipline. It's about not having Christmas, isn't it? It's about so much more than you think it's about. So what did you do? Waste his time a wee bit, as you do. Well, then why don't you tell me what it's about? It's about Jesus, being God's only direct creation. It's about not drinkin', isn't it? It's about not watching R rated movies, as well. Well, it's for sure about not dancing. Pretty sure someone told me one time that's what it's about. For sure. It's about not listening to music containing immoral lyrics. What's your fuckin' name? Bob. Bob, tell me, what's good about it? Yeah, but what did he have to say? You wanna know what? Phone rang and went inside to get it, kinda forgot he was out there, so must have skedaddled. No! And I'd be more than happy to continue telling you what being a Jehovah's Witness is all about. How about I leave you behind some literature? What's your fuckin' name again? Bob. Get the fuck outta here, Bob. Okay. Hey! What'd you get into? He could use a stick of gum. Oh, Mennonites. Mennonappers. Fuck, can they run, those Nappers. That looks like Noah Dyck. And Anita Dyck. Wayne. Mr. Dyck. Dyck with a Y, yes. Daryl. Mrs. Dyck. Wayne, feel free to call me Noah Dyck. And, Daryl, please continue to call me Mrs. Dyck. Brings ya up the laneway? Wayne, your family's always been very good to our community and we appreciate it, once. You've used us right and hopefully you feel as though we've used you right, too. Without question. We appreciate it, once. Which is why I know I can count on your discretion. Especially in a matter as sensitive as this one. Can confirm. Okay. This is not easy to say, nor is it by any means an accusation. Where are our daughters? Anita Dyck. Now. Please. Our daughter, Charity. Charity Dyck? And her sister Chastity. Chastity Dyck? Are on their gap year, once. Isn't that called Rumspringa? Men are talking, Daryl. Anita Dyck and I are concerned that our little Dycks have been bitten, by the good time bug. And while Dycks have been known to slip out on occasion, our fear is that our Dycks have been out longer than we're comfortable with, once. Have you seen our Dycks? About yea tall, once. Strong nose, like their father, strongwilled, like their mother. I did see them at the bush party, actually. Dycks at a bush party, you say? I knew it. Shameful. Haven't seen them since though, truth be told. Katy, you seen a Dyck or two? That's a loaded question, big brother. Hello, Katy. Noah. Anita. Katherine. Lovely day. What brings you guys by? We heard out daughters were here and. Charity and. We'll take all the Charity Dyck you've got. All the Chastity Dyck, too. We want Charity and Chastity home before they get swayed into a life of bad decisions, once. They are free to decide whether the English world is for them. That is their right. But our Dycks belong in the hands of the Mennonite community. And we would like to gently suggest to them that they return home with us before they've been too exposed. Well, the last I saw them, they were with hockey players. I offered to give them a ride home but, they said that they wanted to walk. We Dycks can be hardheaded. Hockey players have quite the reputation for sticking their noses, and other things, where they don't belong. Can confirm. Oh, dear. My goodness. Good heavens. Heaven only knows. Well, the good news is, there's only a couple of places hockey players tend to hang out. Yeah, the gym or the barn. The barn? Oh, dear. My goodness. Good heavens. Heaven only knows. The hayloft. Intertwined in breathy clusters. Look, I should clarify. The barn, as in the hockey rink. Yeah, you're looking for two puck heads drivin' a Tonka truck. That's Reilly and Jonesy. And Noah, please go ahead and let us know if there's anything else we can do to help. Wayne, our entire community thanks you for your kindness as you've shown us here this day, once. Well, it looks like a couple of Dycks. Oh, hello there, Daniel. Haven't seen you in the age of a dog. Well, until soon. Goddamn Schmellies. Whoa. And a good day to ye both. I'm Noah Dyck, with a Y. And this is my wife. Anita Dyck. Ah, that's Jonesy. That's Reilly. Hello. Sorry to bother you, but we were wondering if. Where are our daughters? Yes. Dunno. Ditto. Sorry for the confusion. It's just that Wayne seemed to think you might have seen our Dycks. Oh, those Dycks. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Charity and, um. The other one. Chastity. Yeah. Yeah, it's all coming back to me now. We, we, we met them. But we didn't, like, meet them. No, definitely never met them. Well, have you seen them? Not, like, seen them, if that's what you mean. We're definitely not seeing your Dycks. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? No. But I do know this. If I find out you're lying to me, the wrath of an angry Dyck will leave a lasting mark. Once. Well, maybe check the Dollar Store. They may be dancing with the skids or something. Thank you so much for your time. Praise be to God. Praise be to Him. Praise be to you. Praise be. Well, blessed is the fruit. May the Lord open. Must be a new translation. What the fuck was that? You almost blew it! Charity! You know, you guys have been around like, a lot. The Dycks love the English world. Yeah, but I mean, the Mennonite world has its perks, too, I'm sure. Just put a little English on a Dyck. And we'll put a little Mennonite on a penis. Dan, why do you hate Mennonites so much? They're nice people, good workers. They're great workers. Good runners, too. Fuck, can they run. They drive a hard bargain on the business side. Yeah, can be a wee bit sheisty. Oh, they run like the wind. Every one of them can run. Tight with money. Great workers. They'll show you a thing or two about good work. They'll beat you in a race, boy. Fuck, can they run. Just because I respects them don't means I can't hates them. I'm gonna need a minute with that. That was like a quadruple negative. Well, how can you hate 'em? They're harmless. That's what they wants you to think. But deep down they're judgier than Judge Reinhold and Judge Judy watching Judge Dredds. Oh, is that what they are? I was fifteens at the time. Is that what you were? It was the Letterkenny Days picnic, hottest day in July. I believe yous were away at a balls tournament. The Jeff Davies Memorial. Jeff Davies was fast too. Not as fast as a Napper, though. Fuck, can they run. Anyhoo, it was the tater sack race. I always hated them. Burlap burns. First prize was an icecold glass of lemonades. We lined up at the start line and looked across to the finish line and there she was. A little Schmellie, holdin' up the prize lemonades, almost like a mirage. That's my favorite alltime chocolate bar. We locked eyes and smiled. Despite her broad shoulders, she was cute as a bug's horn. Good runner, too, no doubt. I was in first place coming down to the finish line, like the wind. So I guess you could say you had it in the bag? Heyo! Heyo! I did. When out of nowhere, this. Schmellie in a sack. No, I told you they were fast. I'm the one who's been saying this entire time how fast they are. Fuck, can they run. He comes tearing up from behinds me, knocks me over, ass over teakettles. Wasn't he disqualified? No. Well, Schmellies are sheisty. Yeah, he should have been DQ'd like a chocolatedipped cone. So who was he? Who's to say? It all happened so fast. I've never seens that Schmellie before or since. Alls I know is I watched him hop across the finish line upside down and claim my prize. Why was he upside down? He wasn't. I was. I ates it. Never got to the lemonade. Never got to chats with her. I never even seens her again. But I'll never forgets her. And guess who she was?. Who? Lovina Dyck. Lovina Dyck? That's right, Lovina Dyck. Younger sister of one Noah Dyck! Yeah, I know who that is. Fuck, she can run, boy. So you had a crush on a Schmellie? I did. And I had my hearts broken that day. And ever since then I have never trusted a Mennonapper. So, Lovina Dyck is the one who got away for Squirrelly Dan. What if Dan ended up with a Schmellie? And a Schmellie Dyck even? Let's try and find a way to never say Schmellie and Dyck in the same sentence. I do often wonders what's ever happeneds to her. Fuck, can they run. Whoa. Hello unto ye. I am Noah Dyck and this is my wife, Anita Dyck. How do you spell that? Why, with a Y, of course. Sure you guys aren't dykes? We are hoping you can help us find our daughters. How many do you have? Two. Oh. A pair of Dycks. Stewart!. Your Dycks are not our responsibility. Stewart! Maybe we have done awful things to them and they're sleeping it off in our tenement right now. But they'll dance again. Dance is a vertical expression of a horizontal intention. And I will urge you to never let your intentions be known in the presence of mine wife ever again, once. Why? I bet she's. Mennotight. Care to explore each other while the Mennonight is still young? Anita Dyck! Watch what you say, please, with your pink mouth, once. Ow! On the day of judgement, He will gather all nations, separate the sheep from the right and goats on the left. Which are you, sheep or goat? Sheep or goat? Goat! Goat? Where are my daughters? Names? Uh, Charity Dyck. Bless you. And Chastity Dyck. I've not seen a Charity Dyck. I've no use for a Chastity Dyck. Good. Yous are pure sinful. You Dycks appear firm. In your beliefs. Stewart! Ow! Ask Glen! He knows everything that goes on in Letterkenny! Get gone, goats! Why, it's a good thing you stepped in when you did, once. I was on the verge of getting rather cross. Boys. Boys. Grab a rake, tidy that gravel you've upset. We need a favor, boys. A big one, boys. What's the matter? Are your Robert Munsch book reports overdue? Thomas' Snowsuit or Moira's Birthday? Angela's Airplanes or Stephanie's Ponytails? Paperbag Princess was the best. Oh, I liked 50 Below Zero. What? Pigs was the best. Oh, no, David's Father. We don't have Robert Munsch book reports overdue. But if I had to pick my favorite, it'd be Mortimer. I'd pick The Boy In The Drawer, but only 'cause somebody probably already picked Love You Forever. Or my personal favorite. I Have to Go! No! This is serious, boys. We had to call off our takedown tourney with Ronsey and Daxie. We got Dycks all over us. Tragic. Those Schmellies are shwarming us, boys. Can we hide out here? Why? Katy, I'll put this gently. All they want to do is bang. They're Bangelina Jolie. We feel like characters in a Bang Lee movie. They need Banger Management. And now you want to hit the Mennopause button? They need more junk than a heroin addict. All they want to do is make pound cake. We're runnin' out of frosting, boys. What's the matter, boys, not enough wood to make the furniture? Boys, the Mennonite has come to the end of the road? They're Olympiclevel polevaulters, buddy. Ruthless on the uneven bar, bro. They're the renegades of spunk. Say jam, sucka. And now you're too tired to go all Mennonight long, Lionel Bitchy? Bonnet blisters on your birds? Tappin' out from tappin'. Bush league. Oh, there is bush. League? Beat it. Katy! Fine. Go up to my room. Thanks, KatyKat. Wait. You've said that before and it was to go bang. And like we said, we definitely have bangovers. But if you. Go. So, you wanna do. You wanna, like, do some sex or. Or. Go! They just parked the Jeep in the driveway. That is a new level of not smart. Should we move it? Nah. How are they ever gonna learn if we don't let 'em crash and burn? Do yous guys thinks that all Mennonites have a hankerings for frequent intimate relations? I'm gonna go ahead and give you the answer I can only assume you're hoping for, Dan. Big time. They are good workers. Fast runners, too. Fuck, can they run! Hello?. Hello. Hello? Hello? Hi, y'all. Sorry to interrupt your worship. Ah, don't be silly, Noah. I was just praying to Jesus's Mother, so the more the Maryer. What is the mat for? Oh, that's just me gettin' in a little exercise while I commune with the Lord. I call it YoGod. Pretty sure it's gonna be a thing. Now, I'm always excited to see a Dyck, but two Dycks at once? My cup runneth over. To what do I owe the pleasure of getting doubleDycked? I, Noah Dyck, am looking for my daughters. They're on their gap year, once, and we are fearful that the hedonistic lifestyle has captured their imaginations. Ugh, preach. I know all about it. You do? Well, of course I do. My parents were both in missionary positions in Africa. So, on my gap year, I ran away and joined an allmale period revue about dolphin poaching, called Master and Baiter. Yelp reviews included, It's fintastic, and, A performance with porpoise. Honest to pod? Noah! Honest to cod. One meanie on Yelp, however, wrote, Will this every dolfinish? But I didn't care because a buddy of mine and I made a blowhole we were both super proud of. Have you seen our Dycks or not? Anita Dyck, full stop. I have not. However, here's a thought. Go to the farm and ask Wayne, because I know if I was a teenage girl, and I'm 80% sure that I am not, that's exactly where I would go to get my gap filled. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Here I stand. Dyckless. Is that the Jeep that belongs to those two sleeveless ne'er do wells? Um. Noah, Anita. As you mentioned previously, we've always been honest with each other. God rewards honesty, once. God is the way, the truth and the life. Those two nut sacs are in the house. Wayne! Katy! If anyone in town was missing a kid or a cat, Nappers'd be the first ones knockin' offering help. It's only right we pay that forward. Do unto others as you would have them do unto. A golden. Wayne's right. Might as well come out, boys. The jig is up. God help you both! Anita Dyck. Anita Dyck. Dycks, please! Now we've all done things in our younger years that we later regrets. What didn't kill us, perhaps it made us stronger. If it was a bad time, maybe it led to a good story. Sometimes even both. But these young fellas was just being young fellas. You can't faults 'em for that. Just like your young gals was just being young gals. Curious. Experimentals. Super bendy. Gumby bendy. That's enough of. Anita Dyck. Anita. Tongues are like Aces, boys, you gotta know when to hold 'em. My point is there's also things we regrets in life that we didn't do. This is one time in my life I don't need a sermon, Daniel. Anita Dyck, let's listen with our heart on our sleeve. For examples, I regrets not telling your sister. She's Lovina Dyck. Yes, no, I know. I know who your sister is. And I regrets not telling your sister, Lovinas Dycks, that I was sweet on her all them years ago. I let my foolish pride gets in my way. Well, Dan, I had no idea. Although, it makes perfect sense. She's a wonderful woman. With a heart as big as her shoulders are broad. But I'm confused, once. What does this have to do with our tiny Dycks? Well, I'm quite sure that your daughters are gonna regret exchanging bodily fluids with these young fellas less than I regrets not letting Lovina Dycks knows I was sweets on her. Wanna know what, Squirrelly D? I'm really rooting for you here. But you can go ahead and summit Mount What's Your Point any time now. So, you likes to drive a hard bargain. Yeah, Nappers are a wee bit sheisty. Here's mine. If you lets this go, I'll bring your gals to ya. I seen 'em ups town not too long ago. But once I bring 'em to ya, you've gots to brings mes to Lovinas Dycks, so we can have a long overdues conversation. And maybe then all of us can gets some closures. Your sister heard an old favorite on the radio the other day. You know what I heard on the radio today who I haven't heard from in a really long time but lowkey love? Radio? Oh, so you were here when I said that then. Which radio? The one in the fuckin' truck. Are you being goofy right now? So, terrestrials radios! All right. Yeah. So you're being goofy right now. No, it's just I don't knows too many peoples who still listens to terrestrials radios. You've ceased mingling with the peasants then, hey, Dan? Internet radios, satellite radios and podcasters is far more populars these days. What do youse listen to? My Favorite Murder podcast. Taggart and Torrens podcast. Stern. Ah, Stern's fuckin' sexy. Most peoples just don't listen to terrestrials radio. Internet radios and satellite radios have become far superior. So, if Howard Stern's type of radio is better than terrestrial radio, would Howard Stern's type be. Extraterrestrial?. Extraterrestrial. Fuck you, Dary. Guess who I heard on terrestrial radio who I haven't heard from in a really long time but lowkey love? Who was it? DMX. Fuckin' A. You like him, too? Sure I do. Why? Well, because he's an animal lover. How do youse knows he's an animal lover? Well, on account of him always barkin' like a dog in his songs. See, that's why I lowkey love him. He just, he sounds so tough when he goes arf, arf at the end of a rap. How's that go, Katy? Arf, arf. I see. So, arf, arf. What the fuck was that? What's the problem? If DMX was here right now, he'd hoof you right in the nuts. I think DMX would assume Dary'd already been hoofed in the nuts. Yeah. I mean, you might as well make a cat sound at the end of a tough guy line. Well, how'd that go, Katy? Meow! No, but put some threatening rap music lyrics in front of it like DMX would. Okay. I'm clickclackin' and rack stackin', bitches know I'm packin', I'm the trillist. Meow! See? I see. It's not the same thing. Nope. No animal sound would have the same effect as a dog barking if you're tryin' to sound tough with rap music lyrics. Not one. Maybe it coulds. Okay, Dan. Dan, okay. Okay, Dan. Let's put it to the test. Ahem. Uh. It's the jumpoff. Rockin' in my Tims. I'm the greatest. Get shook. Baa! Nope. This is America. Put the Benjamin's in the bag, bitch. Hoes in the trap, laid back in the 'Lac, I'm a don. Quack, quack, quack. Strike two. Number one country hustlers, I'll spray your crew and shoot up your funeral. It's beef and that's hunnid. Strike three. Youse outs. Ha, ha. Woo! J Hova. Original north side gang bangers. Bounce. Real Quick. Moo! Okay. Yes, I understands. I'm a PIMP. Banana clips in the Benz. I'll skeet on your main chick, you little bitch. Baa! Okay, you've made your points. Squeesquee. Ice on my wrist. I'm strappin' and clappin' the glock. I'm about to shoot up your block. Keep it gangster. Okay, that might be enough shouting. Machiavelli. Mom's spaghetti, it's straight yayo all day, yo. I'm the realist. Heehaw! I said you made our point! Gucci bag. Poppin' Dom. Racks on racks on racks, bitch. Make money. Imma shoot on your casket. This is getting obnoxious. Versace, Versace, Versace. Cash money, Uzi's in the back of the Bentley For real though. Ribbit. So you see, Dan? No animal sound is as tough as a dog sound. I'm the king of the jungle, bitch! Bow down!. I'm pretty sure that was a lion he was attempting there. So. So you stand corrected. Okay. Is. Is that okay? I. Just asking. Are you okay? Yep. Just. Just checking. Bye. Don't do that, bud. What? Ask your gal privately, but publicly, Are you okay? Well, I was just making sure. Yeah, you don't wanna get too needy with a gal like that, Dary. A gal like what? A gal who is, respectfully, super, super, super fuckin' hot. She's Victoria Secrets hot, there, good buddys. She's Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition hot, Dary. Well, yeah. All the more reason to make sure she's okay. Well, don't say we didn't warn ya. How's the day? Longest day of the year. Summer solsticks. And you know what that means. Century Club! A hundred shots of beer in a hundred minutes will buckle ya if you don't have a strategy. Let me just call the girlfriend and, uh, make sure it's okay with le ol' boule et chaine. Put your phone down, Dary. And fuckin' stomp on it. You try dating a French girl. Yeah, give it a shot, bud. 'Kay. Today on the summer solstice we honor the time good ol' Uncle Eddie got the worst sunburn this side of Sasky, thus having to spend the longest day of the year inside, drinkin' the bar down. Well, I'm not carrying Dan home from the bar this time. That was youse? Well. Who's in? The skids are sober, so they're out. And I don't know, I haven't heard from Reilly and Jonesy. McMurrays? Yeah, they'll be there. Mrs. McMurray tried to arrange some sort of predrink on Facebook. Which is really counterproductive for the Century Club. Also, fuck Facebook. You'll wanna avoid McMurray today. Is that possible? Why? Well, it is the Century Club, so he'll be shitfaced. And when McMurray gets shitfaced, things come out of him that are. Offputting. Like what? No. This one's best left parked. Well, now I'm just super curious. No, just. Just lets sleepin' dogs lies. Yeah, yeah, and don't kick a dead horse. Yeah, stay away from him today. Actually, stay away from him when he's shitfaced any time. You do realize you're driving us straight to him, right? Can confirm. Well, I got the ebrake on so. Better let it out. Can't control a French girl. Or a fuckin' bored one. 'Sup? 'Sup? We'll find out about it anyway. Look, here's the scoop and I'm gonna tell you. When McMurray gets shitfaced, he likes to recount stories from his boys' trips. He still goes on boys' trips and he's married? Grow up. Yeah, he says things that are, mmm. Spit it out. Shoot. Just the worst fuckin' things you've ever heards in your entire lives. This I promise youse. Thank you, Squirrelly Dan. MARIE My brother was a hockey player, all my cousins, too. I grew up with boys. The worst kind. So just try me. Samezies. All right. If we're goin' in, we're goin' in. We ain't stopping till the job's done. I should've packed a lunch for this. And final warning, this one is best left unpacked. Once we start you're gonna want us to stop. But we're not gonna stop. Prove it. You guys should do it in your McMurray's voice. Also keep your jaws clenched like he does when he's all shitfaced. You know, for its effects. Any time now. Buckles up. Wayne, how would youse like to talk about cunt? Hey, Dary, are you an ass man, a tits man, or a cunt man? Hey, you ever fucked a couple of tasties at the same time? Oh. Fucked so many tasties. They used to tell me, Hey, you wanna taste it? They used to say, Come on, big boy, wanna jam a little bit of a taste? I go down to Vegas with about 17 buddies every single year and you never seen so much cunt in your life. Ew! Hard Rock rooftop, poolside villas. I ain't never seen so much cunt in my life. Anybody tell ya they seen more cunt then that's a liar! I used to fuck so many tasties. Where is Mrs. McMurray in all this? We's don't ask those kinds of questions. I'll tell ya, the last time we were down there, we made a little hashtag so the boys could keep track of each other. Why don't you go ahead and search hashtag MashTheGash2018. The year before it was hashtag SlitSlam2017. Oh. They were just the tastiest little slits you've ever seen. You never seen a gash so tasty. You know what, Bobby, Jim Dandy, you're gonna lose a digit in that sort of snapper. Let me tell you something, Vegas, Hard Rock rooftop, poolside villas, that cunt's there for the money and the money's there for the cunt. Oui. Yous guys had that comin', good buddies. That's a keeper if there ever was one, eh, good buddy?. Katy? But the McMurray's are part of the lifestyle so don't they just do that kind of shit together? I mean, they seem so in love. Different strokes for different folks, Miss Katys. I don't think Mrs. McMurray knows about this. It's none of our beeswax, Miss Katy. And she oughtta. That's none of your beeswax, Miss Katy. What are you trying to say to me right now? I'm sorry, Miss Katys. Apples. How's the take down tally, gents? Almost at the finish line. Let's sprint, baby, you know I want it. Speaking of Finnish, I smashed a FinnishJordanian a few nights ago. Exquisite. I smashed a TonganMicmac just this morning. Yeah, I smashed a CatalanCameroonian. Yeah? I smashed a SwedishWest Indian. Good. Well I smashed an Interior SalishThaiSyrian. Okay. Ever smashed an East TimoresePapua New Guinean? No. Ever smashed a HonduranEmiratisMetis? Talk to me when you've smashed a Cape Verdean Bahraini Manitoban. I smashed a KazakhBaffin Island Inuit. Wonderful! Final day of competition. Let's all take a piss and get fuckin' some Nepalese Maritimers. Oh. Ow. Ronsey? Daxy. Hurt a bit when you pee? It burns, buddy. Jonesy? Reilly. It burns when I pee, buddy. It was that HaitianBangladeshi.  That Baja DesertUkrainian. It had to have been that Northern IrishMaori tribesman. It was that Saint LucianSikh separatist. Fuck! Oh, Katy. You better tuck in that bottom lip before ol' Tweety Bird comes along and makes a poopy poop on it. Glen, I will. Katy. Get a drink. Can I get a drink? Oh, no, no, Katy. Yell at me today. Because today I'm playing the role of Gail the bartender so that she may binge drink with all y'all, which is technically a form of alcoholism. It's gonna be a great day. Not for hay. Not today. Today we's stays. Inside? Fuck's sake. You're gonna fuck it up, bud. Meanwhile, hello there. Who's this nice little number, Wayne? She's like a. Like a little Cathy Deneuve or like a little Brigitte Bardot. Glen, this MarieFred. Oh. Enchante, MarieFred. Je m'appelle all fucking yours. I know what you mean, Gail. She's like a. Like a Juliet Binoche. Like a Marion Cotillard. I'm here with Wayne. Who? Wayne. I don't fuckin' know him. Yeah, you do. But I know you. Not yet. Soon. Oh, lads, just a little FYI reminder. I am taking over the bar for Gail today. We know! Tone. Where's Bonnies? Bonnie, how're ya now? Good and you? Not so bad. You callin' this thing t'day? One hundred shots of beer in 100 minutes. Rules are no pissin', no passsin' out and especially no pukin'. Ugh! No pukin', please! Ewweeyouwee, gross, gross! It's a carpet in here. Competition's slim this year. The skids are sober. Reilly and Jonesy called in sick. So, you've got a shot. One hundred shots to bes precise. Oh, Dan! Well, I'd have a beer. Katy have a beer? I need a beer. MarieFred, have a beer? I'd have a beer. Dan, have a beer? I'd have a beer. Dary, have a beer? You okay? Fuck sake. I'll grab them. This time, yes, but next time, talk to old Glen. Say, Glen, get me some beers. Because technically today I'm takin' over the bar for Gail. We know. Okay. I'm starting to hear, I'm sayin' it a lot and I'm being really detailed. You comin'? Thought I'd concealed it. Let's go. Oh, mercy. Bonnie, get the hot compress ready for Gail! She is some special, Wayne. She's like a little Genevieve Bujold. Or like a little MarieJosee Croze. Yep, a keeper if there ever was one, bud. Just makin' sure. Oh, Daryl. You're a bit of a tragedy today, aren't ya? A needy boy is a seedy boy. Okay? You're gonna fudge this up, buddy. I don't know why she's being so distant. Well. Take a look in the mirror you fuckin' asshole! Wayne! How's the good 'n' you bad are you now?. You're hammered. McMurray. Here they are. Well, I might've had a helpin' hand from a spicy little number by the name of Mrs. Pampered Puss McMurray. Hoo, boy! MRS. I'll tell you what. I might have a little base coat of ginski in this cocksucker. Mayfair. The good stuff. Hey, Gail! How are we doin' for ginski in this cocksucker? You got the Piger Henricus from. Quebec?. I got a Wendigo if you want a Quebec gin. Awesome. Ginski. Oh, heavens. Okay? Next time ask me 'cause I'm in charge of the bar today. I am a lucky man. Well, now that the sitdown pissers are trampin' off to the bar, youse guys wanna talk about cunt?. What a pain in the ass, eh, Ronsey?. I'd call it a pain in the dick, Daxy. Pain in the ass? Pain in the dick? REILLY AND. This is the end of days. Oh, relax, boys. At least it's not the gift that keeps on giving. Yeah, boys. Could've been the herpdog. How can you be so cold about this? It's your manhood, boys. Doesn't it just level you to see it like that? This isn't your. This is! DAX AND. Your first STD! Adorable. Wait. This. This isn't yours? DAX AND. No! How many have you had? That's a tough question. I don't even know. Oh, my God, is that bad? Oh, my God, is it? I'm more trying to think of a time when I didn't have one. Twowenty? Thirty? You're in the ballpark. I think? Oh, my God. Oh, my God, you're terrible. You're terrible. How the fuck can you be so calm about this? This is the end of days! REILLY AND.  This is the end of days! I think we learned a lesson here, buddy. I think so too, buddy. Which is odd because we're normally all about the antilesson, buddy. Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose type thing. Yeah, it was coming to us, bro. When we compete to take down babes. And nearly win. Still could win. But. Really. No one wins. It was that HimlayanBengaliCroat. That rascal!  The rungs of me be under under you Translated. You're havin'. Dary? Brehfekst. Atta boy. .with your pals the other day. You wearin' perfume, bud? Perfumes is for womens, good buddy. He's wearin's the cologne. It's actually an eau de toilette. Eau de toilet. Eau de dewdahday. What's the difference? Well, a cologne is about seven's percent's aromatic essence that dissolves in alcohols. Whereas an eau de toilette is 10% aromatics essences. There you go. An eau de toilette like this will evaporate from your skin pretty rapidly. So, you're gonna wanna load up on it. You could still take a good 23 to 27% off'er, bud. You never wears too much perfumes, Miss Katy's. And that's what I appreciate's about you's. Let's not. This eau de toilette is enchantingly refreshing on summer days like this. That may the softest thing you've ever said, Dary. No, it isn't. What is? I can't stand harsh metals against my skin. They give me a rash. Oh, I love's pancakes. Thank you, ladies. These are actually crepes. Pancakes with a French spin. What's the difference? Pancake batter has a rising agent in it. Baking powder. There you go. It makes them thick and fluffy. Crepe batter doesn't have a rising agent in it, so they're thinner. Chch. All's I know is that these would be great with some Elmira's maple syrup. You's two's could open up a crepe shop with these. Wanna know what? I already told her that. We call it, Planet of the Crepes. Crepe Canaveral. The Crepe Crusader. Crepe Winslett's. Do the Carpets Match the Crepes? The Crepe of Things. Date Crepe. I don't know about that one. It's Crepes on a Date. Get your mind outta the gutter. The Great EsCrepe. Crepe Fear. Sex, Lies and Video Crepe. Sadako and the Thousand Paper Crepes. Great book. It's actually pronounced krep. Yeah, you guys kind of butcher our language. Well, to be fair. To be fairah. To be fair. To be fairah. To be fairah. there's folks in France who think you's guys butcher your language. So. Ooh! Who gives a crepe! Wanna know what? There's pretty good ones for krep as well. Johnny Crepe. Holy Crepe. Total ECrepes of the Heart. Crepe Up, starring Channing Tatum. Crepe Up. The Streets. Crepe Le Pew. Le Creppaneur. I'd have a CrepsiCola. Rips, Crepes, Revelations! Crepititis. Oh, jeez, I don't knows about that one. Will you get off my dick today? Led Creppelin. You know, if I keeping eatin' all these crepes. I might get a crepe worm. Like a. it's like. it's like a tapeworm, but it's having the. No. Nope. Wish you weren't so fuckin' awkward, bud. Breakfast. Atta boy. 'lo? Oh, it's Stewart! He's in trouble. Who was that? Skid. Hello. It's Stewart! He's in tr. Who was that? Skid. Ahoy, hoy. Stewart's in trouble! Call me first, next time. He's deh. Isn't he sober now? Yeah, but he. he's. he's. he's. Slow down. He's. he's. he's. Breathe, Roaldy. Healing? Dealing! Dealing? Shocker. Yeah. There's another deh. and he. and he said he's gonna kill him. Okay. Well, stop dehhealing and come home. He won't. he won't! Why not? Because he's a vigi. he's a vigilante! Fuck sakes. Okay. We're coming. No. yeah. No, we're not. Yes, we are. No, we're not. Yes, we are. No, we're not. Dan, get off my dick today. Sorry, Miss Katy's. What's the problem, Wayne? You don't wanna go to the SPCA and play with the dogs? Oh! What's the matter, Dary? You don't wanna go to the food court in the mall and get a little of everything to create the perfect meal? Oh! And Dan, if, you get off my dick, we'll play Big Buck Hunter HD 42inch wild in one of the Donnelly bars. Robin Hood. pop culture's most beloved vigilante. Boisterous. Rebellious. Unstoppable. Just like me. Katy and the hicks are coming here and they're gonna take us home. Noah! Yesah! Noah! Yesah! No what? He said, Nowah! We keep drugs safe. It's not supposed to be safe. It's drugs! You don't relish being a vigilante, Roald? This is the third note stuck to the door this week! Mmm. The grammar's atrocious. Exceptionally odious. That's what makes it scary. They're too hardcore to proofread. Hard corny. You're so fuckin' funny. If they don't take the edifice of their letter seriously, why would I take their threat seriously? One mistake is enough for you to ignore the angel of death? Two. Two? Two mistakes! In two sentences. Your, versus, you're, youapostrophe re, is so fucking basic it's embarrassing. If you want to say, You are dead, which this fucking boob has cheaply attempted, then you'd want use. you're. Where is the other mistake? Omission of the word of. Oh, that may have been an intentional omission. Sure, Roald. He's a man of exorbitantly few words. So, my reply. Your threat is meaningless. Ooh! Got good hands. (GASPS, SQUEAKS) Stick that on the door! Roald, I would like to speak with Stewart privately. Oh. Ow! Again! Dream notch on the bedpost, boys. Go. Dead or alive? Either. Go. Terry Fox. Good one. Great one. Do you know how much ass Terry Fox would get if he was still alive? He could start with mine. Ronzy. Go. Gretz. God. Good one. The great one. Reilly. Go. Gretz. Get out. Paulina. Gotcha. Get it. Jonesy. Go. Grande. Ariana. Graceful. Glorious. Gracias. Ariana Grande looks like she's eight, titfucker. I'm givin' the preschool your plate numbers. Shoresy? And Gretz's daughter's a married woman, you classless piece of shit. She wouldn't fuck you if you had Mario's dangles and Messier's dick. Fuck you, Shoresy! Fuck you, Daxi. You wouldn't know what to do with the great one. He fires bigger rockets than Elon Musk. Oh, fuck you, MaryAnne. Fuck you, Ronzy. You're a marathon of dope. Terry Fox ran 3400 miles in a 143 days on one leg. If he were alive, he'd be gettin' handy's from Hiltons and Hadids. Fuck you, BettyAnne. If Terry Fox was alive, Gisele would be sliding into his DM's from Patriots' games. Fuck you, MaryAnne! If Terry Fox ran 143 days he smashed 143 broads and that's probably fuckin' light. Fuck you, Shoresy. If Terry Fox was alive he'd have an interview show like Seinfeld. You mean, Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee? Yeah. But it'd be called Canadians in Cars Getting Blow's. MARY If Terry Fox was alive he'd be smashing JLaw and JLo on ScarJo's boat. He'd be boatin' with Kylie Minogue. Let's get some fuckin' gyozas. Fuck you, Shoresy! Gimme a high five. Oh, gimme a high five right there. The city is not looking so bad right about now, eh, big brother. Know what? I'm just happy to be alive after sharing the expressway with city drivers. Boy, howdy. Did you ever notice that every time you go to merge, there just happens to be six inbreds merging at the exact same time? Come off the ramp, get your fuckin' foot in it. Yeah. And then ya got the wannabe Indie car drivers who have it right to the rug who kinda fly's up behind you and kiss bumpers. Like, what's your hurry's there Jimmy Hinchcliffe's? Greg Moore was the greatest. Oh, yeah, he was the fuckin' greatest. What's their hurry? They've got a fuckin' brunch line to go wait in. All right, well, what's the scoop here, KatyCat? We gonna go find Stewart or what? Well, now hold on one fiscal minute here, Wayne. Pizza, fries, sushis, Yogen Fruz. I thought we were going to the food court. Of course we are, Dary. Szechuan, shawarma, stir fries, Five Guys. We can't forgets about Colonels Cajun BBQs and DQs. Well, there's no way we're missing Tacos and Quiznos, Chipotle and ChickfilA. Wayne, we're meetin' the skids at the club at around midnight. That's still a good six calendar hours away, Katy. Simmer down. Yeah, but I still have to go find something to wear. Show these city girls what's up. All right. Let's split. You wanna know what? It's always so tough sayin' bye to the puppies. Like they're so cute you almost don't want to. That may be the softest thing you've ever said, big brother. No, it isn't. What is? How come no one ever compliments me on my eyelashes? You're paraphrasing. You fuckin' know it! Is that what I'm doin'? What I said was, I got real long eyelashes. But I'm surprised no one's ever noticed that. Gimme a high five. high five. Gae? Roaldy. Look! Oh, this is so agitating. I know. I'm frightened. I'm referring to the spelling and the grammar, Roald. Gives me the coldest pricklies. What have those wordsmiths assembled for us this segment?. How asinine! They can kiss my asinine. Oh, that ass is mine. I'm frightened! Yet another demeaning attempt to intimidate. And this one even better. Yeah. I'm pushing the panic button here, you guysers. Don't be such a jellyfish, Roald! My slowlearning, sevenyearold brother even knows it's, If you're. you apostrophe re, there. there tonight. Comma. No period. It's It apostrophe s. on. Period. I'd have chosen an exclamation point. I think you're right. Past notes haven't quite landed. Do you know what I mean? Yes, sans duress. They don't exactly have the tiger by the tail, do they? Not exactly whipping the excitement up to a real fever pitch. No. They are not. For a plethora of reasons. This death note, presumably the final installment, it requires urgency. Some sort of accent, I would agree. The exclamation point guides the reader to approach it more threateningly. Like, there's stakes there. Like, It's on! Right? Exactly. As opposed to a period. Because, if it's me. It's you. I read it like. It's on. The period leaves the decision up to the reader. It does suggest a more docile read. There's no room for ambiguity in death threats. Exclamation point? Yes. Sexclamation point. Oh. Go stick that on the door! Alleyyoop. Okay. Let's clean this shit up and go back in. I need to find something to wear tonight. Get my hussy on. Give me five calendar minutes to digest, and I'll join ya. Oh, so you're looking to find a nice bench to have a sit down outside a lingerie store, Dary? I'd be looking for a sit down, won't be no bench though. Be the throne then, Dary? Porcelain one. Can confirm. You should have a sits down in a public washrooms? Surprised I'm not having a sit down in a public washroom right now. You's would do such a thing's? Faster than Greg fuckin' Moore. How could ya, Dary? How could you do such a thing's? Public washrooms is disgusting. Poo particles is literally's airborne's. Oh, ceased mingling with the peasants again now, have we, Dan. Won't find a more violent environments on the planet Earth. Not for my money. Not for my money either. Oh, how's the weather up there in your ivory tower, Wayne? Well, I'll go in, just won't have a sitdown. I'll rock one, like a good old boy. Not a monster. Must be nice to have the option. Well, I just get the giggles is all. Ain't nothin' to giggle about in a cesspool of fecal matters and peepees. Sure there is. What? Well. farts. Ew. Well, there's nothin' funnier than a fart. Except kids fallin' off bikes maybe. Fuck, I could watch kids fall off bikes all fiscal day. I don't give a shit about your kids. Oh, yeah, it's super funny. You just be standing there, rocking a piss, dude will come up next to you. Just rip a fart. How is that funny? Dude droppin' his guts like that? I take's exceptions to it. Well, you're supposed to be standing there, nobody'll say nothing, you'll be rockin' one, peacefully. Then you just rip a fart. It's not funny's. It's fuckin' hilarious. What is your guys fascination with farts? Well, you don't know him. He doesn't know you. He ain't never heard one like that before. Yeah, farts will never not be funny. I will never not laugh at a fart. There's even a courtesy aspect of it, too. Ah, this should be interesting. Well, like if you go into a public bathroom, there's a guy in a stall, he'll announce his presence to you. Like how? He's sittin' there and maybe he'll clear his throat. Like. That's exactly how they do it, Dary. They go. Why would he want to announce that he's having a sit down? Well, the first sound you hear is not a fart. He's prepping you for the acoustics. And how is that courteous? Well, let's say you're like me, you get the giggles. From a fart? I get the giggles from a fart, yes. You're in there, you're at the urinal, you hear a fart, you giggle a wee bit. Get shaking. Piss goes everywhere. How do you think the pee's particles gets airborne's?. It's weird, 'cause dudes will fart in front of each other any day of the week. Soon as you get into a public stall, want to announce their presence. Make sure one doesn't sneak up on ya. But it's a public bathroom. You're supposed to hear those sorts of sounds. It's just different in there, Katy. It's more intimate. Come off it. Some dudes want to announce themselves by sniffing, which is not the right avenue. Ain't nothin' in there you wanna be sniffin'. No, I'm gonna tell ya. All right, come on, Dary. Let's go. You guys should make some betters efforts to avoid bacteria's exposures. Good hygiene is the only jeans that never goes out of styles. Dan, I think that might be the softest thing you've ever said. No, it isn't. What is? Okay. One time my perennials didn't come in for the second year, and you knows perennials is exposed to live more than two years. So, I says, I'm so upset about my perennials.. Yikes. Dary. Oy! Oh, girls! We can help with this. We don't want these dudes in the club either. Thanks, but some hicks are coming from Letterkenny and they're taking us home. Good luck getting him away from that. Sounds like some of that good fuckin'. Mmm. Mmmhmm. There may be animals being harmed in there. Listen to me. Some hicks from Letterkenny aren't gonna do it. These dudes roll deep. Take this shit seriously. You're keeping us safe. Even though it's not supposed to be safe 'cause it's drugs. And we appreciate it. But you're dealing on their turf. They're not gonna stop 'til you're off it. One way or another. They do not care. Look at their spelling. Dangerous grammar. Dangerous. That's what I said. Oh, my god, it's so big, Stewart! Mmm. Hmm. So, how's the take down tally, boys? Yeah, boys. How's the tail town? Undressin' and progressin' boys. Workin' smarter, not harder. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah. How's the titty tally on your end, boys. Suckin' some yayas? Come on, I get off on it. Yeah, you handlin' some knocks? Took down an AustralAsian just last week. How exotic. Smashed an IndoLaotian two nights ago. Festive. I know. Ever smashed an ArcticKuwaiti? No. Ever smashed an EcuadorianAlbanian? 'Course. Ever smashed a Sierra LeoneanSaudi? No. Ever smashed a Sri Lankan French citizen? Several. You ever smashed a UruguayanIsraeli? What? How about a CroatianQuebecer. Likely. You ever smashed a TibetanNew Zealander? No. How about a MoroccanHong Konger? No. Ever smashed a CubanUzbek? Come on. You ever smashed a MalteseCongolese? Boys, I think that's a dog. You ever smashed a BalticGermanSpaniard? That's for sure a dog, buddy. How about a BalticRussianIraqi? You've for sure smashed a PeruvianTurk. Everyone has. Same way everyone's smashed a WelshNigerian. Gimme a SwedishPhilipinno for dinner. And a GuatemalanSlovak for dessert. Ah. Gimme a TamilBritish Virgin Islander, Ronzy. Gimme a KosovarGreenlander, Daxi. I'm gonna gobble him all up. We could be in trouble in this takedown tourney, buddy. Gimme a QatariMontenegrin, Ronzy. Gimme a St. LucianLuxembourger, Daxi. I think we're in trouble, buddy. I'm gonna fuck a DutchAfghan! I'm fuckin' a Falkland IslandSerb! I'm gonna fuck a SomaliChinese Mainlander! I'm gonna fuck an IslamicSpartan!. This is IslamicSparta! Um, that was pretty fuckin' serious. That was pretty fuckin' serious. Bringin' weapons to a street fight. Strike five fuckin' million against the city. And a lot of them condo buildings just looks like human storages to me. Pretty fuckin' serious, skid? Mortally fuckin' serious, hick. It's time to come home, Stewart. Can we leave now? No! Train ain't comin' back, buds. Stewart? I said noah! Stewart, we gotta lay low for a while. What about. You go your way. I'll go another. It's best we split up. What about the. Just.just for now. I know what comes next. Stewart. Gae. Stewart? Roald! Why do you rebel? I hate my parents. And? I hate the world. And. I hate myself. Get this guy a fuckin' Puppers. It's not going anywhere any time soon. No. We'll rebel again. All right, we need to split too. Um, Miss Katy's? What? Was I's able's to successfully's. Stay off my dick today, Dan? Yes. And yes, you may. Gimme competition! You know what? It's better with an even number. A fuckin' crossfitter gave ya the stinkeye flippin' tires down the street trying to look hard. Buddy, you're softer than a Cinnabon sampler. You kiss your friend's older sister once who who tastes like Fisherman's Friends then you better do horn to that memory ever since. You woke up with your horn looking out the window but you gotta be at work in 20. So it's now or never. Well, I should say. We're all excited that the Leafs are doing betters and all's. But if they think's you're payin' a bucktwenty for upper bowl seats, they can suck my babcock. You ripped a game of Buck Hunter so fuckin' immaculate that bar has brought you in through the kitchen ever since. Your gal likes goin' for long drives, chitchattin' around town like gas ain't a buckforty. With zero regard for the amount of lawns you gotta mow to fill the cocksucker. Your pal squeezed into the same section of a revolving door behind you one time and you're still pals. But, like, you're not about to sit beside him at a fuckin' campfire. Jivin' Pete says his new gal looks like a young Shania Twain and you just don't have the Timbits to tell him that she looks more like Post Malone's fucked Dion Phaneuf's. You know it's titsup for your ball team when the opposing pitcher's got arms so big, he could throw a cotton ball over a barn. You knew your pal had come into money when he started throwing out perfectly good pistachios, like he was above cranking 'em open with a box cutter like the rest of us. You're pretty sweet on your new gal, but if she forgets to close the third door of your truck before the passenger door one more time, it's fuckin' over. I've had it. You caught a whiff of a gals that smelled like campfire smokes and that shit's got ya stiff as a weekold Slim Jims. Your friend's dad gets so mad sometimes, he hollers fuck, but doesn't pronounce the CK at the end, he's so squirrelly. So it sounds more like fu! Fu! Fu! Fu! And I think that's pretty fuckin' funny. You guys drink too much. Said buddy with the bloody nose from hooverin' shneef off a sandy beach towel. So, what have you's been up to? Rap game! I'm Fire Marshall Mathers. Oh, let's hear it.  Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Got the streets a bubblin'. Where's Stewart? Your pal added comic relief to your sister catching a line drive in the womanhood at softball by sayin'. Right in the twiffer! Still not laughing. Twiffer! It's a bad look if I'm not smokin' hot. At least I'm smokin' pot. You can say with confidence, the hockey players are still a couple of dumb fucks, because now after a goal they go holler. He shoots, he sca. He shoots, he sca. So there that is. Crosby sca. McDavid sca. Any more wisdoms while we gotchas? Yes. A, B, C, Always Be Lifting! Also, road games. Sometimes, there are two buddies to a room, but there's only one bed. Golden rule, you can sleep pole to pole. And hole to hole. But, you can't sleep. Pole to hole. You put the dumb in wisdumb, don't ya's? You and your sister were bickering. We spat about, I don't know what. When she said. I could argue till the cows come home. She pointed at 'em in the yard, out the kitchen windows. Fuck, let's not let supper get cold. Twiffer. Still not laughing. Fuckin' inbreds. Inbred hot chili peppers. Washington Inbredskins. Cincinnati Inbreds. Inbred Riding Hood. Inbred Lobster? Can we get this rig rolling? Inbredy, set, go. Thanks for making the trip this weekend. Thanks for making the trip last weekend. Look forward to the trip next weekend. You remember McMurray, eh? Don't think he'd let me forget him if I wanted to. Let me, uh. Let me bend your ear on something. Here. Could have guessed. Um. You were gonna bend my ear? She was being a bit of a cow, eh? So anywho, McMurray told me that he was at the airport one time and he seen a dude in the washroom at the urinal. And he was working his iPad while he. Pissed? Rocked one, yeah. You can say it. Just don't make a habit of it. Texassized 104. The dude was at the airport with his iPad on top of the urinal and he was working on it while he rocked one? Can confirm. What could be so urgent? That's what I said. I said, What could be so urgent? Then I said, Like, who is this nut sac? Or who does this nut sac think he is? Here's the thing that I'm going to tell you. Now, I've really come land, sea, and air at this. 'Kay. .over time. There's only thing that could be so urgent. Checkin' in for his flight? Hard no. Uh, a lot of airlines overbook their flights anticipating noshows. And if you don't check in you're hooped. But still, to be at the airport, at the urinal, on your iPad, with your. Dick out? Your horn, yeah. Dick. Won't make a habit of it. To be at the airport, at the urinal, on your iPad, with your dick out, there's got to be more at stake than a missed flight. Have you ever missed a flight? No. Me neither. 'Kay. Bet it sucks, though. Still, airport, iPad, urinal, dick out. Like let's get real here. You get real. You get real. The dude's important. Or he's got someone really important to answer to, if his iPad work couldn't wait till after he rocked one. Big time. What's he putting into the iPad is what I want to know. L'il help? L'il help. Wanna know what he's puttin' in the iPad? I can tell you what he's putting in the iPad. Here's what he's putting into the iPad. The codes. The codes? Those codes. That's a thing that could be so urgent. That's the one thing that could be so urgent. What a goof. To be at the airport at the urinal, with your iPad, your dick out. Silly. This nut sac is one in a chain of commanding political figures with access to the codes to green light a nuclear strike. That's who he is. And he had to get his portion of the codes in immediately, so that the warheads could take flight. Why's he firing a warhead? Well, someone would have had to fire a warhead first, right? You know, if I'm that dude at the airport, with my dick out, working on my iPad, I mean, the whole fuckin' world's at stake. There's multiple warheads? Both sides would have to have warheads in the air or projectiles, if it's nuclear war, yes. Those are some stakes. What else could be so urgent? Not much else could be so urgent. So the other three in the political chain of command had already entered their portion of the codes and they just needed, we'll call him Gary, to enter his portion of the codes. Hmm. What? Wonder how Gary's working it? What are we talking about here, the iPad or the. Or. Both. Both? Curious as to whether he had one hand on his horn and one on the iPad. Because if he's pissing handsfree, then he'd get the codes typed in much faster. Oh, way faster. At least twice as fast. Yeah, and he's in a hurry for sure, 'cause of the codes. Yeah. JeanClaude. JeanLance. JeanClaude. JeanLance. Go sit down and drink your beer. What if I don't? Well, then I'd have to put my beer down. You's got's a semi. Yep, don't lay down for a nap on the couch without's a pillow for your lap. Probably didn't want me walkin' in here seeing you all halftorqued like that. Nope. Probably no fun for the dog to have to climb over your thicksie's just to give you a kiss in the face. All right. Come on, girl, why don't we go? Let's leave the halfblood prince to his little sleeps. Good nap? Great nap. Nap with me? Well, I just kind of had a nap. Then we don't need to sleep. Okay. Sure we can't convince you guys to sign with the summer squad? I got a pen you can borrow. You know the one. Take my writing utensil. We got a big hole at the center and it needs to be filled. Back end's tight, but we need to be deeper up front. Let's talk depth. Show you a thing or two. Join our energy line. Keep those fuckin' feet moving. I'm so fuckin' serious right now. Daxi. Ronsy. How about all the tail around here, boys? Late June rush at the gymski. It's all the college and uni kids home for the summer. Home to work their summer jobs. I got a job you can work. Let's fuckin' do it. The gettin's gonna be good for a couple of months ferda. Summer's the goodest time for gettin' and the gettin's about to get got, get it? Got it. Good. But what say we make it interesting? Oh, it's already interesting. Jesus. I'll say, boys. I'll say, I could jerk off right here. I swear to fuckin' God. But tell me, are you two looking to fall in love or just fall in the sack? Buddy. Sack. Thought so. Think you can fall in more times than us? Fall in the sack? Yeah. With girls? Duh. Like can we take down more babes than you? Can you take down more babes than we can take down dudes? I'm gonna jerk off right here, I swear to fuckin' Christ. Buddy, no contest. Save your money, boys. Are. Are you guys like married though? We just wanted to buy a house. Tax breaks there. We still smash all sorts of ass. Never smashed so much ass in my life. Cool. Cool. So fuckin' cool. But you're confident you smash more? Girls? Duh. Absolutely. First of all, there aren't that many gay dudes in Letterkenny. You'd be surprised. Small town kids going to school in the big city? Out of the small town, out of the closet, boys. Mmm. And second, we get like. Take downs. Sometimes, wake up in the morning and it's just like, start having a take down. There's been like a handful of times, actually, where I have to take a good look in the mirror about take downs. Sometimes, during the middle of a take down thoughts creep in. So, we got a deal? Yeah, deal, totally. Cool. Our total takedown tally versus your total takedown tally. Deal. What do the winners get? Case of beer? Case of beer. Love a case of beer. Deal. Case of beer. Here's to the opening gay ceremonies, boys. Boys in for the ceremonial fuck drop. I know a good horn section for the event. Why don't ya give it a little toot? Come on, give it a little blast. I'm gonna have sex with some girls!. Ferda! Bonnie. Wayne. Hi there. Hi, dare. I'll have the pinot noir, please. Is that what you'll take, then? Not a good look, Bonnie. Beer? Please and thank you. She was being a bit of a cow, eh? That's McMurray's sister. She comes by it honestly. She's pretty. Oh, she's a lovely girl, for the most part. So much petty hostility between English and French. Yeah, it's a bit obnoxious, isn't it? I'm glad we agree on that. As long as we can also agree that French toast is a waste of time. So are English muffins. There ya go. I was thinking about the dude McMurray saw at the airport. There's a lot to unpack there, eh? You're Gary. Mmmhmm. You're one of the four. Mmmhmm. Your secretary calls and says the country needs the codes. It wouldn't be a secretary. Eh? It'd be one of the other three. I think you're right. I'm for sure right. The other three wouldn't likely trust Gary's secretary with news of incoming projectiles. MarieFred, you don't trust the fuckin' secretary with the projectiles. The secretary wouldn't have been sworn in like the other government officials. Who knows who the secretary's working for? Secretary could be workin' for anybody. There'd be protocol in place. It would be in writing. That information would be so classified. You know how classified that information would be? Super classified? One tier up. It'd be ultra classified. Do you wanna know what? I'm just gonna come right out and say it here. If I'm one of the four, I get that information from the horse's mouth or you're not getting the codes. Wanna take about 20% off? Yeah, I'd take about 20% off 'er. So, you're Gary. Mmmhmm. One of the other three commanding government officials says, We need the codes. Stat. Mmmhmm. Mmmhmm. This is it, Gary. Nuclear war! Jesus Christ, it's nuclear war. What do you do? I'd piss myself. Bingo. I'd have to go, at the very least. Of course, you would. I don't know if I'd be able to hold it. But I'd be sayin', Whoa. You'd better fuckin' hold onto her. It's an appropriate physical response to news of incoming warheads. It'd be alarming. But let's not forget, you're Gary. Yeah. Yeah. You've got responsibilities if you're Gary. You've got the codes. Whole country's counting on you if you're Gary. Women and children, the elderly. So, you're Gary, you get the call for the codes. You say holy shit. You'd say holy shit. I'm gonna piss myself. But it's nuclear war. And despite nuclear war, all this at stake, Gary's still pissing while he puts in the codes. You wanna know what? What? The washroom had to have been right there. It had to have been right there. He might already have been in the washroom. I think he was already in there. You're Gary, you're in the washroom, you get the call, need the codes. I'm gonna piss myself. And he got his iPad out as fast as he got his dick out? He was for sure already in the washroom. Might've already been on the iPad. Well, that solves it! It was a convenience thing then. You're Gary, you're in the washroom, you get the call, need the codes. Well, I can get you the codes, but I'm gonna piss myself. And he got the codes in, but didn't piss himself because. Because he was already in the washroom. Jesus Christ, the world could use a couple of more Garys. I think we've sleuthed it out, partner. Bless ya for tryin' on sleuth, but, uh, yeah, I think we have sleuthed it out, partner. How's your French coming? Well. The only thing is. We'd know if there was a nuclear strike that was intercepted. Like, it'd be in the news. Ah, come on. That many projectiles in the air? Let's get real here. Warheads or not, we'd know about it. Like, we'd know it happened. Yeah. The government wouldn't want us to know, but someone would leak it. I'm looking at the secretary. Beer for you, Wayne. Thank you, Bonnie. And da pinot noir for 'er. Ew. Too French. Bonnie. Why don't you go sit down and drink your wine? What if I don't?. Den I'd have to put my wine down. It's bush party season, boys. 'Tis the season. Seasons greetings. You know, I'm gonna make some Caesars with the girls and get geared up for a gooder. Oh, I'd have a Caesar. You can't really see a Caesar and not want a Caesar. That's actually how they market Caesars. Wayne? Dary. Can I bend your ear about something? What are you, a bender? Good one. Heard it from a cow. I know it's impolite to kiss and tell, but. I wouldn't say that's universal, but, okay. Between us girls. Yeah, between us girls. You ever thrown so much hip in your life? Between us girls? Yeah. Between us girls. I've never thrown so much hip in my life. How much hip we talking? I'm talkin' like I'll be halfway through a bowl of cereal and. Hip. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Same for you? Oh, yeah. Is that right? Between us girls? Of course, between us girls. I feel like we met, I punched in and I haven't punched out. Can I ask you something? Of course, good buddy. You feel like you're gettin' any better at it? I feel like I'm gettin' a lot better at it. Me too. And I kind of feel like I was a bit of a novice with the whole thing before. I feel that way, too. I feel like with some of the gals I'd done some yessin' with in the past, they might have thought, This guy's a dabbler. Dary, that's exactly how I feel. Like, I feel like they might have seen me as a hopeful, at the very least. Or like, maybe I was just apprenticing at the time. I kind of feel like I might be a bit of a headliner now. Really? Oh, yeah. What are we talking, like large theaters or stadiums? Well, large theaters for the time being. But like, if you can keep going at the rate you're going, you'll be destined for, like. Bigger venues. Yeah. That's exactly how I feel. That's how I feel, too. MARIE Who wants a Caesar? Oh, I'd have a Caesar. Can't see a Caesar and not want a Caesar. That's actually how they market Caesars. Is Stewart gonna DJ this bush party? Wanna know what? I haven't seen that fuckin' nut sac in the longest time. I wonder where he's off to. A fuckin' crossfitter gave ya the stinkeye flippin' tires down the street trying to look hard. Buddy, you're softer than a Cinnabon sampler. You kiss your friend's older sister once who who tastes like Fisherman's Friends then you better do horn to that memory ever since. You woke up with your horn looking out the window but you gotta be at work in 20. So it's now or never. Well, I should say. We're all excited that the Leafs are doing betters and all's. But if they think's you're payin' a bucktwenty for upper bowl seats, they can suck my babcock. You ripped a game of Buck Hunter so fuckin' immaculate that bar has brought you in through the kitchen ever since. Your gal likes goin' for long drives, chitchattin' around town like gas ain't a buckforty. With zero regard for the amount of lawns you gotta mow to fill the cocksucker. Your pal squeezed into the same section of a revolving door behind you one time and you're still pals. But, like, you're not about to sit beside him at a fuckin' campfire. Jivin' Pete says his new gal looks like a young Shania Twain and you just don't have the Timbits to tell him that she looks more like Post Malone's fucked Dion Phaneuf's. You know it's titsup for your ball team when the opposing pitcher's got arms so big, he could throw a cotton ball over a barn. You knew your pal had come into money when he started throwing out perfectly good pistachios, like he was above cranking 'em open with a box cutter like the rest of us. You're pretty sweet on your new gal, but if she forgets to close the third door of your truck before the passenger door one more time, it's fuckin' over. I've had it. You caught a whiff of a gals that smelled like campfire smokes and that shit's got ya stiff as a weekold Slim Jims. Your friend's dad gets so mad sometimes, he hollers fuck, but doesn't pronounce the CK at the end, he's so squirrelly. So it sounds more like fu! Fu! Fu! Fu! And I think that's pretty fuckin' funny. You guys drink too much. Said buddy with the bloody nose from hooverin' shneef off a sandy beach towel. So, what have you's been up to? Rap game! I'm Fire Marshall Mathers. Oh, let's hear it.  Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Got the streets a bubblin'. Where's Stewart? Your pal added comic relief to your sister catching a line drive in the womanhood at softball by sayin'. Right in the twiffer! Still not laughing. Twiffer! It's a bad look if I'm not smokin' hot. At least I'm smokin' pot. You can say with confidence, the hockey players are still a couple of dumb fucks, because now after a goal they go holler. He shoots, he sca. He shoots, he sca. So there that is. Crosby sca. McDavid sca. Any more wisdoms while we gotchas? Yes. A, B, C, Always Be Lifting! Also, road games. Sometimes, there are two buddies to a room, but there's only one bed. Golden rule, you can sleep pole to pole. And hole to hole. But, you can't sleep. Pole to hole. You put the dumb in wisdumb, don't ya's? You and your sister were bickering. We spat about, I don't know what. When she said. I could argue till the cows come home. She pointed at 'em in the yard, out the kitchen windows. Fuck, let's not let supper get cold. Twiffer. Still not laughing. Fuckin' inbreds. Inbred hot chili peppers. Washington Inbredskins. Cincinnati Inbreds. Inbred Riding Hood. Inbred Lobster? Can we get this rig rolling? Inbredy, set, go. Thanks for making the trip this weekend. Thanks for making the trip last weekend. Look forward to the trip next weekend. You remember McMurray, eh? Don't think he'd let me forget him if I wanted to. Let me, uh. Let me bend your ear on something. Here. Could have guessed. Um. You were gonna bend my ear? She was being a bit of a cow, eh? So anywho, McMurray told me that he was at the airport one time and he seen a dude in the washroom at the urinal. And he was working his iPad while he. Pissed? Rocked one, yeah. You can say it. Just don't make a habit of it. Texassized 104. The dude was at the airport with his iPad on top of the urinal and he was working on it while he rocked one? Can confirm. What could be so urgent? That's what I said. I said, What could be so urgent? Then I said, Like, who is this nut sac? Or who does this nut sac think he is? Here's the thing that I'm going to tell you. Now, I've really come land, sea, and air at this. 'Kay. .over time. There's only thing that could be so urgent. Checkin' in for his flight? Hard no. Uh, a lot of airlines overbook their flights anticipating noshows. And if you don't check in you're hooped. But still, to be at the airport, at the urinal, on your iPad, with your. Dick out? Your horn, yeah. Dick. Won't make a habit of it. To be at the airport, at the urinal, on your iPad, with your dick out, there's got to be more at stake than a missed flight. Have you ever missed a flight? No. Me neither. 'Kay. Bet it sucks, though. Still, airport, iPad, urinal, dick out. Like let's get real here. You get real. You get real. The dude's important. Or he's got someone really important to answer to, if his iPad work couldn't wait till after he rocked one. Big time. What's he putting into the iPad is what I want to know. L'il help? L'il help. Wanna know what he's puttin' in the iPad? I can tell you what he's putting in the iPad. Here's what he's putting into the iPad. The codes. The codes? Those codes. That's a thing that could be so urgent. That's the one thing that could be so urgent. What a goof. To be at the airport at the urinal, with your iPad, your dick out. Silly. This nut sac is one in a chain of commanding political figures with access to the codes to green light a nuclear strike. That's who he is. And he had to get his portion of the codes in immediately, so that the warheads could take flight. Why's he firing a warhead? Well, someone would have had to fire a warhead first, right? You know, if I'm that dude at the airport, with my dick out, working on my iPad, I mean, the whole fuckin' world's at stake. There's multiple warheads? Both sides would have to have warheads in the air or projectiles, if it's nuclear war, yes. Those are some stakes. What else could be so urgent? Not much else could be so urgent. So the other three in the political chain of command had already entered their portion of the codes and they just needed, we'll call him Gary, to enter his portion of the codes. Hmm. What? Wonder how Gary's working it? What are we talking about here, the iPad or the. Or. Both. Both? Curious as to whether he had one hand on his horn and one on the iPad. Because if he's pissing handsfree, then he'd get the codes typed in much faster. Oh, way faster. At least twice as fast. Yeah, and he's in a hurry for sure, 'cause of the codes. Yeah. JeanClaude. JeanLance. JeanClaude. JeanLance. Go sit down and drink your beer. What if I don't? Well, then I'd have to put my beer down. You's got's a semi. Yep, don't lay down for a nap on the couch without's a pillow for your lap. Probably didn't want me walkin' in here seeing you all halftorqued like that. Nope. Probably no fun for the dog to have to climb over your thicksie's just to give you a kiss in the face. All right. Come on, girl, why don't we go? Let's leave the halfblood prince to his little sleeps. Good nap? Great nap. Nap with me? Well, I just kind of had a nap. Then we don't need to sleep. Okay. Sure we can't convince you guys to sign with the summer squad? I got a pen you can borrow. You know the one. Take my writing utensil. We got a big hole at the center and it needs to be filled. Back end's tight, but we need to be deeper up front. Let's talk depth. Show you a thing or two. Join our energy line. Keep those fuckin' feet moving. I'm so fuckin' serious right now. Daxi. Ronsy. How about all the tail around here, boys? Late June rush at the gymski. It's all the college and uni kids home for the summer. Home to work their summer jobs. I got a job you can work. Let's fuckin' do it. The gettin's gonna be good for a couple of months ferda. Summer's the goodest time for gettin' and the gettin's about to get got, get it? Got it. Good. But what say we make it interesting? Oh, it's already interesting. Jesus. I'll say, boys. I'll say, I could jerk off right here. I swear to fuckin' God. But tell me, are you two looking to fall in love or just fall in the sack? Buddy. Sack. Thought so. Think you can fall in more times than us? Fall in the sack? Yeah. With girls? Duh. Like can we take down more babes than you? Can you take down more babes than we can take down dudes? I'm gonna jerk off right here, I swear to fuckin' Christ. Buddy, no contest. Save your money, boys. Are. Are you guys like married though? We just wanted to buy a house. Tax breaks there. We still smash all sorts of ass. Never smashed so much ass in my life. Cool. Cool. So fuckin' cool. But you're confident you smash more? Girls? Duh. Absolutely. First of all, there aren't that many gay dudes in Letterkenny. You'd be surprised. Small town kids going to school in the big city? Out of the small town, out of the closet, boys. Mmm. And second, we get like. Take downs. Sometimes, wake up in the morning and it's just like, start having a take down. There's been like a handful of times, actually, where I have to take a good look in the mirror about take downs. Sometimes, during the middle of a take down thoughts creep in. So, we got a deal? Yeah, deal, totally. Cool. Our total takedown tally versus your total takedown tally. Deal. What do the winners get? Case of beer? Case of beer. Love a case of beer. Deal. Case of beer. Here's to the opening gay ceremonies, boys. Boys in for the ceremonial fuck drop. I know a good horn section for the event. Why don't ya give it a little toot? Come on, give it a little blast. I'm gonna have sex with some girls!. Ferda! Bonnie. Wayne. Hi there. Hi, dare. I'll have the pinot noir, please. Is that what you'll take, then? Not a good look, Bonnie. Beer? Please and thank you. She was being a bit of a cow, eh? That's McMurray's sister. She comes by it honestly. She's pretty. Oh, she's a lovely girl, for the most part. So much petty hostility between English and French. Yeah, it's a bit obnoxious, isn't it? I'm glad we agree on that. As long as we can also agree that French toast is a waste of time. So are English muffins. There ya go. I was thinking about the dude McMurray saw at the airport. There's a lot to unpack there, eh? You're Gary. Mmmhmm. You're one of the four. Mmmhmm. Your secretary calls and says the country needs the codes. It wouldn't be a secretary. Eh? It'd be one of the other three. I think you're right. I'm for sure right. The other three wouldn't likely trust Gary's secretary with news of incoming projectiles. MarieFred, you don't trust the fuckin' secretary with the projectiles. The secretary wouldn't have been sworn in like the other government officials. Who knows who the secretary's working for? Secretary could be workin' for anybody. There'd be protocol in place. It would be in writing. That information would be so classified. You know how classified that information would be? Super classified? One tier up. It'd be ultra classified. Do you wanna know what? I'm just gonna come right out and say it here. If I'm one of the four, I get that information from the horse's mouth or you're not getting the codes. Wanna take about 20% off? Yeah, I'd take about 20% off 'er. So, you're Gary. Mmmhmm. One of the other three commanding government officials says, We need the codes. Stat. Mmmhmm. Mmmhmm. This is it, Gary. Nuclear war! Jesus Christ, it's nuclear war. What do you do? I'd piss myself. Bingo. I'd have to go, at the very least. Of course, you would. I don't know if I'd be able to hold it. But I'd be sayin', Whoa. You'd better fuckin' hold onto her. It's an appropriate physical response to news of incoming warheads. It'd be alarming. But let's not forget, you're Gary. Yeah. Yeah. You've got responsibilities if you're Gary. You've got the codes. Whole country's counting on you if you're Gary. Women and children, the elderly. So, you're Gary, you get the call for the codes. You say holy shit. You'd say holy shit. I'm gonna piss myself. But it's nuclear war. And despite nuclear war, all this at stake, Gary's still pissing while he puts in the codes. You wanna know what? What? The washroom had to have been right there. It had to have been right there. He might already have been in the washroom. I think he was already in there. You're Gary, you're in the washroom, you get the call, need the codes. I'm gonna piss myself. And he got his iPad out as fast as he got his dick out? He was for sure already in the washroom. Might've already been on the iPad. Well, that solves it! It was a convenience thing then. You're Gary, you're in the washroom, you get the call, need the codes. Well, I can get you the codes, but I'm gonna piss myself. And he got the codes in, but didn't piss himself because. Because he was already in the washroom. Jesus Christ, the world could use a couple of more Garys. I think we've sleuthed it out, partner. Bless ya for tryin' on sleuth, but, uh, yeah, I think we have sleuthed it out, partner. How's your French coming? Well. The only thing is. We'd know if there was a nuclear strike that was intercepted. Like, it'd be in the news. Ah, come on. That many projectiles in the air? Let's get real here. Warheads or not, we'd know about it. Like, we'd know it happened. Yeah. The government wouldn't want us to know, but someone would leak it. I'm looking at the secretary. Beer for you, Wayne. Thank you, Bonnie. And da pinot noir for 'er. Ew. Too French. Bonnie. Why don't you go sit down and drink your wine? What if I don't?. Den I'd have to put my wine down. It's bush party season, boys. 'Tis the season. Seasons greetings. You know, I'm gonna make some Caesars with the girls and get geared up for a gooder. Oh, I'd have a Caesar. You can't really see a Caesar and not want a Caesar. That's actually how they market Caesars. Wayne? Dary. Can I bend your ear about something? What are you, a bender? Good one. Heard it from a cow. I know it's impolite to kiss and tell, but. I wouldn't say that's universal, but, okay. Between us girls. Yeah, between us girls. You ever thrown so much hip in your life? Between us girls? Yeah. Between us girls. I've never thrown so much hip in my life. How much hip we talking? I'm talkin' like I'll be halfway through a bowl of cereal and. Hip. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Same for you? Oh, yeah. Is that right? Between us girls? Of course, between us girls. I feel like we met, I punched in and I haven't punched out. Can I ask you something? Of course, good buddy. You feel like you're gettin' any better at it? I feel like I'm gettin' a lot better at it. Me too. And I kind of feel like I was a bit of a novice with the whole thing before. I feel that way, too. I feel like with some of the gals I'd done some yessin' with in the past, they might have thought, This guy's a dabbler. Dary, that's exactly how I feel. Like, I feel like they might have seen me as a hopeful, at the very least. Or like, maybe I was just apprenticing at the time. I kind of feel like I might be a bit of a headliner now. Really? Oh, yeah. What are we talking, like large theaters or stadiums? Well, large theaters for the time being. But like, if you can keep going at the rate you're going, you'll be destined for, like. Bigger venues. Yeah. That's exactly how I feel. That's how I feel, too. MARIE Who wants a Caesar? Oh, I'd have a Caesar. Can't see a Caesar and not want a Caesar. That's actually how they market Caesars. Is Stewart gonna DJ this bush party? Wanna know what? I haven't seen that fuckin' nut sac in the longest time. I wonder where he's off to. 