Your pals found a package that belonged to a coupla Degens the other day. You're wrong, you're wrong you're wrong. Hey! Where was it? Dollar Store parking lot. Tell him whose it was. Soupy Campbell's and Spider Creemanse's. Argh. Well, did you open it? Nope. Popped in right back in the mailbox. Proper thing. Shoulda opened it. That just didn't feels right on accounts that it wasn't ours. Well, by the rules of 'finders keepers,' it was yours. So you shoulda opened it. Yeah, it was our guyses by the rights. I begs to differ. Even though we founds it, it was still technically their guyses. It was yours, fair and square. With all dues respects, Miss Katys, it was them fellowses, just landed in our guyses hands brieflys. Hmm, I'm with Katy. It was our guyses. And now we'll never know what was in Soupy's and Spider's package. That's what I said. Looks, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, You guyses let yer consciences get in the way of something that was rightfully your guyses. And you might be right. She's right. Their guyses loss is our guyses gain. There's something not right here. Not pertaining to whose package it was, but just. like the English language part of it You guys keep saying, Your guyses, and Our guyses, and Them fellowhases. Okay, just, 'kay, you know what, 'kay, what say Katy and I find a wallet. Whose wallet is it? Yours and Katyses. No. Wayneses and Katy.ses. It's ours. Correct. Or Katy's and mine. You know what, it kinda chaps my ass more than just a wee bit when people use big words to sound smart. It's far more smart and efficient to use small words. Save your breath for something more important, like chorin' or toe curlin'. Hmm, especially toe curlin'. You know, I thinks I know what you'res insinuating at here, Wayne. And I want you to know I take great solstice in working through all the conflictions that come from the King and Queens language. Shall I call you an ambleance, Dan? Or better yet, a whambleance? The library has a lots of choice literature to help through your confliction, Dan. Well, the lieberry's is full of choice laterature. Irregardlessly. expresso. Ooh, now that one's so wrong, it might as well be right. In any event, the decision on what happens to the package, is Darylses, and Danses, not mine and Katyses. But you did the right thing, Dan. Well, thank you. I appreciate yer support. Sssss. Hey, have you ever seen that movie, There's Something About Mary? Bet you didn't know they're making a Canadian version. Yeah. It's gonna be called, There's Something About Marie. Guys by applause, who agrees with me on this. Women are like cats. Men are like dogs, right? Oh, yeah, case in point. There's your waitress, everyone. Meow. Yeah, Bonnie. Don't forget the tip. Actually, you should give her more than just the tip, tip her on her back and smash her, yeah!. Oy! How about I tip you on your back and smash you with a rusty rebar, until you apologize to my sister, you shitty fuckin' citiot. I'll smash you too that' all I know. Okay, what's your problem tightywhitey? Jeez, it's like Mr. Clean shopped at Baby Gap, right? You're gonna be shopping for a new suit at the morgue unless you take a log off that fire, pussy! Yeah, all right, settle down, Olaf from Frozen. You forget that shirt in the dryer for three years and now, it's cutting off all the oxygen to your brain. Settle down, you can breathe. Get the fuck of the stage. Yeah. Hey, hey, okay, here's one for ya, uh. why did the chicken cross the road? Why? To get the fuck out of Letterkenny. This place fuckin' sucks!. Boo. Oh, yeah. Nice. What am I suddenly in LetterKenya? You guys run fast. Wow, I thought you guys would appreciate that. It's racist, just like you. Okay! Thanks very much, Letterkenny. This has been the exact opposite of fun. Too bad the show wasn't in Betterkenny, 'cause you guys are the worst audience ever! No, you suck. Here's some chicken, funny man. What the fuck?. This is a real place. You think this is easy? Think it's so fuckin' easy. Why don't you try it yourselves?. What's up boys? What's up, tank top? Aw, looks like you guys could use a bit of a tuneup. Yeah, summer shape is slip sliding away, boys. You're letting yourselves go a little bit, eh? Getting ready for the SAG awards? Hmm, you two are going to be the rollsiest, pollsiest, Letterkenny Irish ever seen boys. Rollsiest of the pollsiest, ferda. What are you fuckin' blind? The fuck are you smoking boys? Looks like you buys can use some crossfit. That's squat's up. Wait, you dick farmers work here, now? Oh, more like Celebrity Endorsers. Get the Celebrity Endorphins going. Celebrity Enforcers. Uppin' memberships, droppin' shoulder dips. Gettin' yolked boys? You guys want a free trial? We put the abs in absolutely free. Full body workout, absoglutely, bro. Crunch and munch, boys. Crunch then brunch, boys. Play the cards you're dealt. Chuckin' tires and muscle fires, boys. It'a cardio day. Fuck cardio. Why would we get training from you? You look like our before pictures. Squat's the matter, are you chicken?. Wayne. WAYNE AND. How'r you. We're good, man. Not so bad. Look, I'm getting real sick. One time. You go. Get after it. All right. Ahem. The lovely Mrs. McMurray and I have been doing some very serious thinking. Maybe we should try it ourselves. Stand up comedy? Or something similar. Well, to be fair. To be fair. To be fair. To be fair, it's likely pretty tough sledding up there, for a standup comedian. That comedian was a joke. Well that's a good one, big hos. Thank yous. Let me put it this way, okay, I was this close to making that standup comic a liedown comic. I don't get it. Well, I'm just saying that I was thinking about whoopin' his ass and so I imagined he would have been lying down had I done that. Well, see there you go, point and proof you're up there trying to be funny like a nut sack, if nobody gets your shit, you're hooped like him. So. So can confirm it's pretty tough sleddin' up there for a standup comedian. Ah, okay. I get it. Could use a little work. Point for testdriving it though. In any event. In any event. In any event, we should host our own talent show. That's not a bad idea. How're we gonna get the word out? Ah, you can put it on your fuckin' Facebooks, likely. And whos will be preforming at this events? Who wouldn't, that's the question. The fuck else is there to do around here. Jimmy Dickens should host. So we just need judges and a few more acts. Well, I'll judge and so will he. Why?. Born to judge, bud. All right. There's our judges. Now we just need a few more acts. Would you be needing a joke smith for this esteems affair? 'Cause I've always wanted to try my hand at stands ups comedy. And I've often wondered how those courageous souls makes it work. Salt of the earth people, stand up comedians. For the most part. You're in. That leaves you, Daryl. Got any special talent you'd like to share with the class? Oh, I don't know. I'd be half scared to get up there. That means you'd be half excited too. Well, we could make first prize $100 bar tab at MoDean's if that colors the water any different for you. He's in. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good 'nuff. Good stuff. Wayne? Dary? What'd you get me into? It's time to get back on the horse, bud. Oh, no. No, I took that horse out the back side of the barn. Put her down for good. And for good reason. Are you forgettin' where you come from? 'Cause it sounds to me like you're forgettin' where you come from. Are you forgettin' your roots? Your linedancing lineage is legendary. You will find no finer liners, Dary. Aunt Doreen made it to sectionals. I was not given that gift. Aunt Doreen could have gone to provincials. Some say she could have gone to regionals. If she had lived in the States, she would have gone to state. Oh, how she'd have won state. She'd a took state. If it hadn't have been for. She didn't have the. If it weren't for the. .bum leg. Buerger's disease. Was it Buerger's? Yes. Buergers. Didn't she get treated at the Mayo Clinic? Yes. She got her Buerger's treated with mayo. Did she do that to ketchup to the competition? Did she ketchup? Yes. And despite her Buerger's, she never beefed with anyone. She relished a challenge. That was a challenge that she relished. Mustard up the courage. She worked her buns off. She worked the buns off her Buergers. No cheesy moves. Lettuce all be inspired by her. She lettuce. No hotdogging. Just Beurgers. The point is, if Aunt Doreen can do all that with a gouty gam, you sure as shit can line dance in Letterkenny. I guess you're right. If Aunt Doreen can do it with a shitty stick, then I can probably get up on stage at the talent show for Aunt Doreen. The thing is, I just wished I had your guyses confidence. Or Fred Astaire's. es. Hey, guys, I was over at Gailers. How's Gailer? You know, usual. Upbeat and horny. Who's your guys favorite stand up comedians? Mark Forward. Dave Chappelle. Steven Wright. Why? Who's yours? Oh, big fella. Hell of a storyteller. Handsome as the day is long. Can't remember his name though. Good guy? Great guy. I'm glad to hear he's a good guy, at least. Anywho. I was wondering if I could get your guyses opinions on something. Okay. I've been working on my stand up act. My style's going to be observationals comedy. Pretty much I'm just going to make observations about daystoday life. You wants to hear one? Sure. All right. Did yous ever notice when you goes to the gas station and there's a line up you always picks which vehicles to waits behind and, and the other fellas whats you didn't get behind is always done first? Always happens every time. Kind of makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Yeah, that's a choice observation, Squirrely Dan. Yeah, that happens sometimes. All right. All right. Let me try's another one. Did you ever notice you're at the grocery store and you picks a cart what with to do shopping with, you always seem to grabs the one that got the squeaky wheel. It almost happens every single time, every time. Kind of makes a fella wonder. don't it? Yeah. Yeah, I just needs to cook up a few more of these, and I'm in business. Yeah, yous never know. You're letting gravity win these days, boys. No more man cans. No more puddin' pecs. No ifs, ands or guts. So, let's gut going. First things first, you're gonna reach your arm up as high as it will go touch that ceiling. Higher than Ariana Grande doing a Mariah Carey cover. I told you, it's cardio day. Fuck cardio. Goddamn it. Gotta crack a snappy for the Winstagram, buddy. Yeah, couple of pickies for the chickies. Gymstagram, bro. Instapicks, instachicks. Gotta provide people with proof you're pressin' pounds, otherwise what's the point? Am I right? Welcome Letterkenny, to the first ever Letterkenny Talent Show. Round of Applause. How many people are we looking at here? We got 20 little people over here. We're looking at 25, 25 little, lotta people lookin' away. Lookin' 25, we got 30 little people over here. Doop, dee, doop, dee, dee doop do theme song. Let's check in with our judges to see what they're looking for. First up is Katy. Hey, Jim, um. You know, I guess I'm just looking for something that I've never seen before. This is hour opportunity, Letterkenny. Tonight it's your stage. Couldn't have said it better myself, if I tried, 567 times, how about 8? Okay, I'll take 8. How about 9 times? Now we're looking at 10 times. How many times should I have tried before I died, maybe 13. Last up is Wayne. What are you lookin to see here, tonight, Wayne? Don't fuck it up, bud. There you have it. Well, it's time for our first act of the night. Here to perform a monologue from her favorite movie, Gladiator. It's Gail. I do apologize. This is a monologue from Gladiator, XXX Gladheateher. Lingus, you barbarian. Let your Italian hands, Rome all over my body. You're such a gifted orator. Unsheathe your sword. I implore you. Spare me you dick tator. Oh, I'm about to Climaximus. Oh, oh, what we do in life echoes in eternitittiees. Ah! Oh. Well, that was bang on. Even better than the movie. Thanks. This one's for you, Barbara.  Cut. Glen? What? I was just wondering, where exactly do you want Wayne to touch you? Where do I wan. Where do I want Wayne to touch. My spirit. What else would I mean? Well. Don't answer that. What the actual fuck was that Stewart? Scream therapy juxtaposed against selfexpression from the streets. You've just witnessed the new genre of dance that's about to slit through the SaudiSamoan, Estonian, Scandinavian, Istanbullian Sri Lankan, Swiss, Saharan, Southern State sub underground city streets! It's called. .ache dancing. And now, for our second set. Oh, you're a little rascal, aren't you, little girl. Oh, oh, am I in twouble Santa?. I've been a really good girl, this year. Uh, you've been a naughty girl. (MRS. MCMURRAY SQUEALS) You need a bare bum spanking like this. MRS. No! No. yes, yes, you've been naughty. You have been so naughty. You little. thing. .and bury my jingle balls. What the fuck, Wayne! These costumes weren't cheap. Doing you a favor before you had to get 'em dry cleaned. Well, we're still gonna need 'em dry cleaned, don't you worry. . in a little roleplaying isn't it baby. Hi, snipers. Who squat, when, where, why, snippies? Cardio day. Fuck, cardio. So you think that we could get some training? Oh, for sure. The most important thing is to get a high angle. It makes your eyes pop and your eyebrow game on point. You ladies know your angles? If you don't provide people with proof that you're pressing pounds, what's the point? I meant crossfit training. From them. I mean, yeah, sure, if you want to start with beginners. Dip your toe in the water before you commit? Start soft, makes sense. Those fellas will show you the ropes, literally. More satisfied customers, buddy. See what happens when we work the celebrity endorphins, buddy?. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Appies and ales, wheelin' some tails. You bet. Ninja dust. Oh, calm down, everybody. Calm down. Now did, did you ever notice. lineups at the Dollar Store is gettin' longer. Like, I just stopped in there to get a candy bar the other day. I'm stuck waitin' three hours behind Mrs. Henderson buying a whole kitchen sink. It's true. Kinda makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Did you ever notice. overalls don't breathe very good. I get so hot out this summer I'm afraid I'm gonna steam the wrinkles out of my ball sack. Kinda makes a fella wonder. I like when he does that. Don't it? Oh, and did yous ever notice, Glen over here is wearing his glasses again. What's the matter over there Glen? You got poor eyesights? Dan, I sure do. Last winter, Gail got me Lasik, but it didn't take, so. I didn't say it was your fault. I didn't ask you for your life story, Glens. But it kinda makes a fella wonder. Don't it? Thank you everybody that's my time. Judges, a few. a few thoughts on Dan's act. I thought it was good, good, good, so good, we're looking at great, so great, we're talking about unbelievable making me laugh. Katy? Well, it was observational, as billed. Funny, 'cause it's true, I guess. Overall, not s'bad. Thank you, Miss. Katys. I appreciates your assessment. Appreciate it. Wayne. Well. Well, I liked it because what I see, I understand. Whereas everything else I've seen today I don't understand. I guess that makes you the fella to beat, Squirrely Dan. Hot dog. I don't know what that means, it's probably not this, but this was super easy. You do sinkers and you tells people about it. Have a good night. Yay, for Dan. Yay for Dan. Time for our final act at the Met this evening. This gentlemen comes from a long, long line of line dancers and tonight he's here to dance for you. Let's hear it for Daryl. ( SWAMP THING PLAYING). He's losing it. All for show offs up there. Hang on there, good buddy. Fuck cardio. ( SWAMP THING CONTINUES)One of your dogs was being a degen the other day. What's up, what's up. Don't let the dog lick your boot. Off you go. Way y'go. Way y'go. Way y'go. What's the problem? Your boots are covered in piss. Are you accusing me of washing my boots in the toilet again? All dudes' shoes are covered in piss. From standin' in front of the toilet or a urinal. Your stream hits the water or the porcelain and it goes fuckin' everywhere. Prove it. No, he's right. Have you ever taken a look at the area half a foot in fronts of a urinal? It's like a miniature swamps. Ants could ride seadoos through it. Ants can't ride no seadoos. Of course ants can't ride no seadoos! Just don't let the dog lick your boots. I mean not to be an expert on the subject, 'cause of course, everybody's a fuckin' expert. Everybody's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. You know, when I was coming up we'd be lucky to even have a dog. Now everyone's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. You guys notice that whenever there's a problem everybody turns into a dog expert? We oughtta leave this world behind. Maybe they could. Maybe who could? Ants. Could what? Ride seadoos. Good buddy? See, there's a lot of variables at play here, obviously. But if you ask me if I've heard crazier things than ants riding seadoos. I'd say sure. You'd need a scientist. You'd need a team of scientists, I think. Well, ants are smart enough to walk single file and protect their queen. So, you know, they're just a stone's throw away from humans intelligencewise. They're a hop, skip and a jump, if you really think about it. You get a scientist to make a seadoo for an ant? Well, I think a team of scientists, a good one, for sure could. A scientist making seadoos for ants would be a tireless job. Thankless, likely, too. Well, you operates the gas with your thumb on the seadoo so, ants don't got thumbs. That right there is your first obstacles. No, you'd have to get scientists to make the gas a push button so the ant could just put his foot on it. It's like if a team of scientists was building a seadoo for an ant, they could likely just as easily build the ant a bionic thumb to operate the gas with. So, there's options there. Yeah. Ant would need a license to operate a personal watercraft. That's not a big deal. You can get that over the weekend. But the scientists would have to build them a PFD because they wouldn't let them take the course without it. Ants would have no problem stabilizing themselves out on the seadoo on accounts that they got more arms and legs than we do. They've got a leg up on us there, if you wants to be clever about it. If I'm an ant I'm operating the seadoo with my antennas. That way I've got all those arms and legs to stabilize myself on the machine, which you'd need like, if it's a wavy day on the water. It'd still take a lot of concentration from an ant. Like Dan's gonna fall off two or three times when he gets going. So it's just trial and error. I don't know. You don't know what? Well, think about Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. Think about how helpful and resilient the ant was the entire journey. Well, know what, I'm just gonna come right out and say it, the kids might never have got unshrunk if it weren't for the ant. That's all well and good, but I'm actually quite surprised you guys would suggest that the ants would just up and abandon his post protecting the queen to go ride on seadoos. Well, you don't know that ant, Dan. You know nothing about the ant, Dan. That's rather presumptuous of youse. You're an ant comin' up in a tough neighbourhood. Never caught a break in your life. All of a sudden there's a team of scientists outside your door with a seadoo. Dan, look me in the eye right now and tell me you don't ride it. The ant's buddies would be thrilled to help him out. They'd happily cover his shift protecting the queen. An opportunity like that? They'd be linin' up around the anthill. How many more opportunities like that you think the ant's going to get? Not many. That's the first ant in the colony to ride a seadoo. That's his legacy. They'd be talking about that ant intercolonial. Fire ants wouldn't fuck with him. He rides seadoos. What's the alternative? Yeah, what's the alternative? Work on an ant farm? That ant's got a life on the outside, he's got to live it God dammit. His hours might have got cut. He might have mouths to feed. You don't know. His wife's thinking about leaving, taking the kids too. I was out of line. Well, good people make mistakes, Dan. Yeah, it's all right. Just. just like, I don't know, like, down the road, I think, if you hear somebody talkin' about somebody that they don't really know, you'll swiftly correct them. I think it's important that they just learn something here. Not to be an expert, 'cause everybody's a fuckin' expert. Must be nice. Can you get me some sour candies? Sure, KatyKat. You got him well trained, don't ya? Wayne, how'r ya now. Not s'bad. Good 'n you? Now. now hold on, Wayne, Wayne. Wayne, we aint' got time for the pleasantries, all right? Youse guys heard what the hockey coach is up to at the golf course? Fuck golf. Fuckin' ankle sock wearin' sallies, that's all I know. That fuckin' twat says there's too much shits from Canada Gooses on the golf course. There's too much shit from Canada Gooses everywhere. Just keep your dog out of it and keep walkin'. Exactly. But get this. To curb the amount of shits from Canada Gooses, that degenerate sonofabitch has put the wheels in motion to oil and grease up the eggs! Hot Jimmy! What the fuck ya talkin' about oil and grease up the eggs? They track down the Canada Gooses nests, put oil on Canada Gooses eggs so they won't hatch. Oh!  What?! So mother Canada Gooses sit on their eggs and wait diligently for them to Hatch, but they never hatch. Canada Gooseslings die inside the egg. What?! What?! What?! What?! I've never been so irate in my whole fuckin' life! You fuck with mother nature! You don't fuck with it, cocksucker. You don't fuck with motherhood! There's a special place in heaven for animal lovers, that's all I know. Those are fuckin' Canada Gooses. Those are Canada's fuckin' gooses. Canada Gooses are majestics. Barrelchested. The envys of all ornithologys. They are leaders. Born and bred leaders. Canada Gooses are vanfuckin'garde. Avantfuckin'garde. Guardians of the fuckin' galaxy! You wanna know what? You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me, and I suggest you let that one marinate. Now coach is an expert on Canada Gooses. Must be fuckin' nice! When I was comings up you'd be lucky to even have Canada Gooses. Now we got so manys you want to start killin' their babies. Must be fuckin' nice. You guys ever notice that as soon as there's a problem around here everybody starts killin' Canada Gooses? We oughtta leave this world behind. Canada Gooses mate for life. They're just like you and me. Those cocksuckers help each other fly when they're in the air. They look out for each other. Now you wanna kill them for takin' shits. You know, I saw two Canada Gooses mount a swan one time and you gotta think that swan told her friends about it. You're goddamn right she did. I think we all need to take a good look in the mirror and ask ourselves, where we would be without Canada Gooses. We cannot allows this to happen. We will not allow this to happen. I'm about ready to put some anthrax in the fuckin' mail here, that's all I know. ooh! Settle down, baby. Settle down. Hey! Let's hit the golf course! Hey. Hey, buddy. Oh, hey, buddy. You, uh, throwin' some weights around, eh? Beastin' it up. Nice. Muscle confusing. Progressive overloading. Gettin' yolked. Gettin' yolked. Nice. Could use a spot every now and then, though, you know. Could use a spot sometimes too. But I'm. I'm fine, though, man. Like, I'm good. Oh, yeah. No, I'm good, dude. Super good, man. Thanks for. Sweet. Who brought the rockets, boys? Whose billet brothers are fuckin' rockets, boys? I'll celebrate your biscuit all night, bud. Ever gone bar upski? Fag. How'd you know your dad's safe word when I fist his ass, bud? We got real dirty with his dangle, bud. I fucked your dad with chapped lips and a runny nose. Fucked your dad with bad bread and B. O. Olympic rules in this shootout boys. Order of shooters is me, me, me and then me, again. I'm fuckin' T. J Oshie. You've never seen a twoway centreman with jam like this, boys. Let's see some jam, boys. Let's see you jam it right up there. You need a pest on your roster? I'm a shit disturber. I'll disturb your shit all night. Wanna play some Chel? I should. I should really get back to Katy, buddy. Good call. Man, she makes me do stuff for her like all the time. I'll play Chel with you, buddy. Let's hit that A button. Ay, ay, ay, ay. If he gets tired I'll be right there to hit ay, ay, ay, ay, for him. I'll cover his point. any day. Must be nice. Thank you. I am very good. So, ladies and gentlemen of the Letterkenny Grey Granite Copper Crick Whistle Ridge Golf & Country Club, goose droppings will no longer be impeding our play on this lovely course. Thank you. Thank you. Now let's hit the links! Has someone around here got a problem with Canada Gooses takin' Canada deuces? Must be nice! When I was comings up we'd be luck to even have oils for our tractors. Now you got so much of it you want to pour it on eggs. Must be fuckin' nice! Whenever anybody's got a problem these days it's straight to dumpin' oil on it. We oughtta leave this world behind. Wanna know what? You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate. Leave the egg painting to the Easter Bunny, you pile of shit! Your wardrobe colour scheme looks like a bipolar spell! Get those cocksuckers off your feet! Pardon? The ankle socks, you fuckin' sally. How does your wife let you leave the house lookin' like that, huh? My wife died three years ago. Yeah, well, one look at you and it's clear she's in a better place now, you fuckin' asshole! Look! The oiling of goose eggs was approved by the board, all right? And a fine board it is. So your little breakingglass display is not going to work. That's why we have a new bylaw that prohibits glass bottles. So all of you are going to get fined. Fine my balls, you fuckin' dandy. Fine 'em and suck 'em while you're at it, you chooch! I will do neither of those things, good sir. There's a special place in heaven for animal lovers, that's what I always say. Yes. And those animals will now have a special place in heaven, as well. Along with my wife, Barbara. So, let's hit the links! Fuckin' embarrassing. I'm ready to drive my car into a crowd. Just calm down, baby. Let's get to work on getting the Canada Gooses off the golf course. We have some coyote decoys in the shed. Worked for that golf course off the Maitlands River. Uhhm, it'll work here too. Pitterpatter. We'll get to work on getting ankle socks off the golf course. Ain't that right, baby. Uhhm. Let's do this! 'Sup boys? Nothing. You? Nothin' I'm not doing a whole lot of anything these days. Oh. Oh. Be my altar boy, man. Be my altar man. The Lord worketh dayeth and nighteth in his battle to castaway heathenethses. That's a lot of work for the Lordeth alone. The Lord could useth some helpeth in his fight against the heathensetheseses. No! The Lordeth have all the help in the world. And all they want is your money anyway. Join us. Connect. Conjugate. Coalesce. I'm not really religious, boys. That'll do. Have nothing really against it, though. That'll do. Can't we all just hang out?. No! Coyotes. The most obnoxious predators of rural Canadas. The town'll still give you sixtyfive bucks a tail for pickin' 'em off. To kill coyotes is okay. Coyotes'll raid your hen house. Coyotes attack your livestock, too. You don't see no Canada Gooses steal with nobody, good or bad. No. You know what Canada Gooses do? Canada Gooses help the people who what's stolen from. That's what Canada Gooses do. Tell you what, if you're accusing Canada Gooses of stealing, you're accusing me of stealing and I suggest you let that one marinate. Let's get real here. Coyote decoys work on Canada Gooses, but there's not a coyote on planet Earth who wants nothin' to do with no Canada Gooses. Lions is lucky Canada Gooses don't migrate to Africa. Then they'd be's extinct. The only animal in the animal kingdom what wants anything to do with Canada Gooses is Canada Mooses. Well, Mike Tyson had a pretty good run of things. Do you wanna know why? No Canada Gooses in his weight class. Don't you remember when that plane had to land on the river in New York 'cause Canada Gooses flew into the engine? It's 'cause Canada Gooses likely had intel there was a pedophile or two on board and took matters into their own hands. As they should! No innocent people hurt either. You think that's a fluke? You tell me that's a fluke. Go ahead and try and tell me that's a fluke. You try to tell me that's a fluke right now. Okay, look! No Canada Gooses on the golf course means no eggs to be oiled. Animal cruelty avoided. Fuckin' eh. You know, when I was comin' up you'd be lucky to even have any animals. Now you got so many animals you wants to be cruel to them? Must be fuckin' nice! Any time anybody's got a problem these days it's straight to being cruel to animals. We gotta leave this world behind. Keep it movin'. I wanna get some sun today and there's still lots to do. For Canada Gooses?. Anything!. Quack! Who's that? Fuckin' embarrassing. You gonna replace that divot there, asshole? That cocksucker went farther than your ball did, you sally. Whoa! You got your pitchin' wedge in there? I got a pitch for you. Go fuck yourself. That's impressive. Heard you were sexually harassing all the beerkart girls. Well, we have a beerkart boy in this club so. Bingo!  Have some selfrespect you fuckin' sally. You're on Canada Gooses land. You better fix that divot 'cause Canada Gooses would fix it for you. There's a special place in heaven for friggin' animal lovers, that's what I always say. Umhmm. Watch yourself, baby.  You suck! Go fuck yourself, ya sally! Dookus. All right, Jonesy. Despite catastrophic contrariness in character and concerning contrast in conduct. Disturbing disparity in demeanour. Don't be redundant, Roald. Oh my God, I just woke up. Remind me. Do you enjoy gaming? Yeah. Dancing. Dancing. No. Hard drugs? That's a fight on sight, buddy. Qui! C'est parfait! Pardon? I think you mean pardone. Donc . Faque allonsy! Jonesy. Do you like bread? Yeah. Uhhmm. That's the body of Christ, buddy. Do you like wine? Sure. That's the blood of Christ. Do you like singing? Um. Doot do do do do. Do do. Oh, Lord, did you hear it? It's the voice of an angel. I think the choice is clear. Just do it! But. gaming! Gaming. I love Chel, boys. Chel it is. Chel it is. Chel? Uh, no! No! What about. cheese. Cheese? Yes. Cheese. Everyone knows cheese is the milk of Christ. You've hit the motherlode of cheesie yumminess when you pick Christ. It's a classic. Bread, wine, cheese. And also cured in salted dried meats. That's the flesh of Christ. Huh? See Corinthians! Bread, wine, cheese, meat! Christianity is a charcuterie board. Come have some charcuterie with Christ, Jonesy. You'll like it. It's yummy. Blasphemy! Sacrilege! What would you know? Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. Katy send you for some sour candies again? Yeah, buddy. Buddy, you should just buy a bunch of packs of sour candies. You put all the packs of sour candies in a jar at Katy's, then you won't have to keep coming into town to get sour candies. She'll have all the sour candies she wants right there. Did you know that you're the smartest person that I've ever met? Back off, Reilly. Jonesy's coming with me. No he is not! He's coming with us. I need a crew, buddy. Jonesy want some charcuterie of Christ? You must be hungry. You want a snacky? Christ gives you snackies. Jones. come here Jonesy. You want a little snackie, just. shhh Jonesy. Come here, Jonesy.  Yummy, yummy. Come here, Jonesy. Yummy, yummy, snack down. Yummy, yummy, snack down.  Who's the good Jonesy? Come here. come here Jonesy. Come. Come Yummy, yummy . Yummy yummy Oh who's the good Jonesy? Jonesy, chel, chel, chel. chel Jonesy, come here buddy. Come on. Chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel, chel. Bujie, bujie, bujie, bujie. Chel. chel. Come here, Jonesy.  Fuck golf. Fuckin' embarrassing. Would you stop talkin' so I can enjoy this peaceful game? How fuckin' peaceful can it be hackin' it up all day, bud. You fuckin' suck. You're terrible. I'm not sure time heals that wound. Must be nice to have time to hack it up all day. Must be nice. When I was comin' up we'd be lucky to have any times to relax. Now you got enough time to relax and hacks it up. Must be fuckin' nice! Whenever anybody has a problem these days it's straight to hacking it up and make yourself look like a fuckin' fool on the links. Gotta leave this world behind. Look, the geese Gooses! .they're just pheasants with better marketing.  You got a problem with Canada Gooses, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate.  You play the Beatles White Album backwards, you know what you hear? Canada Gooses. Same thing for Michael Jackson's Thriller.  And everything Shania Twain's ever recorded!  They buried a Canada Gooses feather at centre ice for Crosby's golden goal in 2010! When Columbus found North America and the Native Americans were in it, you know what helped them find the way? Canada Gooses. And what did you hear right before JFK's got assassinated there, Fuzzy Zellers? A Canada Goose trying to warns him. Did you ever notice how there's always Canada Gooses flying overhead when there's a fire? They're flapping water on it, but no one calls them heroes. They're not in it for the glory; they're in it for the people. For the relationships. I've noticed walking down the path of my life usually in the deepest and darkest and saddest times, there was always one set of footprints in the sand. And they're webbed. And if my wife were here instead of getting us a cocksucking gin and tonic she'd say there's a special place in heaven for animal lovers. Fuckin' embarrassing. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Come on. Come on! See anyone up town? Yeah, uh, Roald, Stewart, Glen, you know. Jonesy. I got a whole bag of sour candies for you so you can put 'em in a big jar and put 'em on the counter it's just. just for you, KatyKat. Oh, no I wanted the sour jellybeans. Okay, but I just drove all the way to town and. and back. So, uh Well, maybe Jonesy can pick them up. Or is Jonesy gone? Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. Jonesy gone. No! No? No. No. I'll. I'll. I'll go get. I'll go get them.  So, if I start taking shits on your golf course you can start killing my babies 'cause it's exact same thing with Canada Gooses. It's exact same thing. Aw, it's fuckin' embarrassing!  And how do you thinks Evil Knievel's made all them dare devil jumps there, shitty John Daleys, Canada Gooses. Letting them into their jet streams, that's how. That. that is not true. The same thing goes for Evil Knievel Junior and Travis Pastrana. They owe everything they have to Canada Gooses. It's not true!  And most people don't know this but Canada Gooses were the deciding factor in the 1995 Quebec referendum. They kept this country together.  You got a problem with animal lovers, you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate. Fine! Fine! The Geese Gooses!  I will call off the oiling of the Goose eggs, all right, if you will leave this golf course, all right, and let the members of the Letterkenny Grey Granite Copper Creek Whistle Ridge Golf and goddam Country Club, play this game in peace! Do we have your word? You have my word! Then come look me in the eye and shake my fuckin' hand. Hop to it! Get movin', Tiger stripes Woods. Horizontal stripes are never flattering. Thank fuckin' Christ, am I happy to leave this fuckin' Goose factory. Holy shit do you hack it up. Unreal. Get some ankle socks, you dick head. Come on, come on, come on, replace those divots. Those Canada Gooses will do it for you. The fuckin' grass grows . Go for an Arnold Palmer. You know, it's hard not to have Canada Gooses backs when they're so close to us as humans. Male Canada Gooses help female Canada Gooses. They're fuckin' hammered, eh? It's pretty hard to believe that Canada Gooses are still labelled a pest species in most rural areas. Well, if the shoe fits, wear it. If the truth hurts, bare it, bud. I'll always root for the underdog. The Canada Gooselings are pretty cute when they hatch though, right? Well, no arguments there, good buddy. Fuckin' eh. Have you ever seen how Canada Gooses stray feathers floatin' on water? They're not even like other bird feathers that get all waterlogged and shit. No. They're aerodynamic. Aquadynamic. It's almost like ants could use their feathers as racing as kayaks or some shit. Ants racing on kayaks, baby. Of course they can't, ants can't race no kayaks, honey. But maybe they coulds.You finished up choring the other day. Fucking. Great day for hay. Wanna know the worst part about doing hay, is all the dust and debris what gets up your beak. Well, that's definitely the top three worst parts to doing hay, yeah. Fuck sakes, Dan, clean it up. That's what I was doing, Ms. Katys. Don't blow your nose on your sleeve. Well, how hard actually works if you never blown your nose on your shirt. Why are you taking your boots off, Dary? Is this the degen convention, or what's the scoop? Well how hard've you actually worked if you don't kick your boots off the second you're through? Keep those flippers away from me. What? Don't wanna my feet marinate in my sweaty boots. I suggest you don't let that one marinate. So you might get toenail fungus. on account of it's so moist in there. That'll be the last time I hear that word coming out of your mouth. What, fungus? No. Marinate? No. Oh. Moist. Don't tell that to the good folks of Moist Jaw, Saskatchewan. Or the good folks at Miramoisti where they love shucking moysters. Don't forget about Moistness Tennessees. The Moistissippi's a great river. You've ever been to MoistiGras? No, but I've been to the rocky Moistenrange in the United States of Amoistica. I will fight you. What have got against the Moistro Fresh Wes? Moist Def. Modest Moist. The Moisty Moisty Bosstones. Paul Moistcartney. That fucker wrote Yesterday , Katy. GucciMoist, Meek Moist, Moisty Cyrus. The MoistFits, DeadMoist. Moisttallica's, Moisters of Puppets. I'll fucking fight you. Get 'er a shot of fuckin' Jaggermoister. Or a Captain Moistgan's and Coke. We should get her a Moister Energy Drink , and then we should all go race Moistocross. Race some moister trucks. What's the problem? Oh, Jesus. Watch the smokes. There you go. Now you're moist. This display courtesy, of the Three Moist kateers. What are yous doing? What are yous doing? I asked you first. Not drinking at 00 a. m. How is that for an answer, you fucking degen? Bitch. That's Queen Bitch, Ugly. Who comes to the bar in their barn clothes, you fucking Ogre? Yeah, tell Shrek we said hello. And try not to fuck his donkey. Cannibal's a compliment for you. Keep walking, Critter. Tough talk. She can back it up too. Try it. You selling cigarettes to kids? Can I help you? I have a feeling you're the ones that are gonna need help. Move along, Skank. You're not from around here, are you? You're deaf? Take. A. Walk. You's are in deep shit. I'll give you a different kind of clap bomb, boys. Four pink pills and she's gone though, I promise. Let's set up in Gretz's office, boys. Work my quiet zone. You know what I'm saying? Remember the Louisville rubber shaft? Have a Daxiville rubber shaft. Let's have a Ronnybrooke. Short side, far side, blind side, gimme your best shot. Five holes are wide open, boys, take it. Take it! I can stick handle inside a phone booth, boys. Let's see your handles. Show me. I'm a late round performer, boys. Let's go seven. I have to say, boys, that is some of the finest chirping that I've ever received. Ever? And you're shrines too. your temples, my God. First team allstars. Take that to the temples, boys, two days written all over you. But people aren't supposed to enjoy being catcalled. Yeah, supposed to. not enjoy being catcalled. Yeah, hey, fuck buddy, if anybody knows how hot we are, you're looking at 'em. There's a lineup around the block for this bopbop shop. Yeah, and nobody's kicking this kid out of bed for eating crackers that's for sure. I've yet to see one customer not come back for seconds at that buffet. Yeah, I bet you thought everybody skips a continental breakfast. Guess what, they don't. Take this ride and you're getting right back in line, boys. Truth is, you're not really our type, boys. Bullfuckingshit. Think we don't see you rocking semis? We're gay guys at the gym, we're always rocking semis. It's true though. You're not our type. What is your type then, you fucking liar?. Otters. Like the Eerie Otters? Like the Cal State Monterey Bay Otters? No, otters are what we call skinny hairy dudes. Points for creativity, boys. Love the hustle, boys. so, what are we supposed to call you then? Our gay buddies from the gym, or. We took gay in the expansion draft from you about a hundred years back. Butch? Shout out to our sisters in the women's league. Fruit? Fruit had a cup of coffee in the show a few decades back, but never really produced for either of us. Bear? You guys released bear a while back for under performing and we got her at a friendly price. Been a real stud for us ever since. Cub? Cub's been consistent since he put her on line with Bear. Poofter? Still playing overseas. Likely gonna retire there. Nellie? Only your grandpa remembers that alumni. Homo? Homo maybe in your ring of honor, but never forget the body checks our goons threw down to end that career. Creed? Creed is the best Arena music of all time. But still, it's only for some. I'm not fucking saying it. Fag. Not sure that's PC, but you said it. Fag got cut in the '80s, and may have cleared waivers, but we all made a gentlemen's agreement not to sign it because of behavior detrimental to the league. Call me Dax. Call me Ron. Fuck, let's be buddies, Daxi. Let's be buds, Ronzy. Really? Yeah. Fuck, you guys slam crush butts. We slam crush box and the world keeps on turning, boys. Well, fuck. Come over here and lay some skin on me, Daxi. Lay some skin on me, Ronzy. Fist time. Look. Jonesy and I, usually just fist each other like. Just like that. Yeah, I know it's that. No, it's different, it's supposed to. It's like this. Oh, okay. I guess we better go talk to KatyKat, buddy. Time to break it to KittyKat, buddy, but wait. You seriously don't wanna bang us, you fucking liars? Come crash my crease, show stopper. Two minutes for rough and give me ten. I'll get rougher. Fuck the blue line. Nothin's offside over here. Try it. I'll bulge your twine. Just try and stop me. You're gonna love it. Sauce me a stretch pass, I'll sauce you a stretch ass. Let's bury a howitzer, boys. Send a howi, I'll get a stick on it. Let's go hip to hip. Their names are Shyla and Shania. The two newest strays on the Rez. They stole Axe and Slash from me. And I'm pretty sure they're banging them, 'cause they're fucking banging everyone. Skanks! They're selling cigarettes to kids. Yeah, well, kids are shit heads, like the resilient ones. They'd have found the darts one way or another, fuck. Excuse me, but I earned the right to sell smokes in Letterkenny, and I never sold to anyone under high school age. I fucking checked IDs. They called me a skank. Game on! I really miss Axe and Slash. I'm disappointed in them. They're like my buddies, you know. So I find them and beat the shit out of them? Well, I was starting to wonder when the next scrap was coming. Was starting to think it was never gonna come. And I'm not so sures it's beating the shits out of Axe and Slash is gonna makes them come backs to you, Tanis. No, no, they need their asses kicked. Fucking done. Every woman knows the way to a man's heart ain't through his zipper. Can confirm. It's through his stomach. Can confirm. And there is a big cookout on the Rez today, and I am the cookout Queen. Everyone comes my way. So if Axe and Slash don't come running, I'm a fucking chimp. What are you cooking? What are you cooking? Everything. Bison burgers, Walleye nuggets, trout fillets, Venison steaks, bannock, fried bread. and my famous Indian taco. You'll have to roll me out of there, Tanis. Yeah, they got forklifts on the Rez there Tanis? Then she's bought and paid for. We cruise on in there, eat like kings, beat the shit out of those dudes, snatch up Axe and Slash, and away we go. Don't say that word. What? Oh. Snatch. You're gonna bring up all those rich meats, and now you don't wanna talk about snatcherated fats? What you never had a Cabbage Snatch Kid growing up? What'd you never had a snatchandsniff sticker when you were a kid? Everyone loves snatchandwin bingo. Fuck off. How about that Robin Williams movie, Snatch Adams? That tugged at a few heartstrings. My favorite part of the Simpsons was the Itchy and Snatchy Show. What, you never see Snathural Born Killers? Margaret Snatcher was the Prime Minister of Great Britain. Wonder if she ever met Benedict Cumbersnatch. He's from over there too, right? Who wrote that song Snatch My Bitch Up? Definitely not Snatchbox 20. Or Snatching Pumpkins. What's the problem? Shyla and Shania have a bunch of guys with them so you might wanna call in a favor. I'll holler one instead. Hey! Remember when we backed yous up on the Rez? Yeah, that time we didn't have the Native Flu? Payback time. Good. Because we definitely didn't have the Native Flu. Snatchurally. Scooby snatch. What's the problem? To the Rez, pink dicks. The hour is upon us, Bible thumper. How'd you know, heathen? You don't even wear a watch. What happened to he who cast the first stone? A broken window likely. And hopefully no one seriously injured. Tell me, preacher, if your God found himself in a comparable turf war contingency, what would Jesus do? Jesus would advocate for empathy, acceptance and grace. Jesus might advise you to take a whack at his way of life. Very well. What? Fuck it. We will sample his style, for the day. Oh. Under the condition that you sample ours. I don't know, Stewart, I'm hesitant. What happened to, For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid? Second Timothy 7. Oh, you are proving yourself exalted, Roald. Alors? D'accord. Allonsy. But first, our wardrobes crave alteration. You're just gonna let this chicken sit uncovered, or. Put the grill up to 500. You wanna turn that down a bit, or. Montreal steak spice would help that Bison meat. So you gonna sprinkle some on there or. Sure you wanna put those fish and veggies on at the same time, or. Yous wanna stop questioning Auntie Tanis' cooking? Still you're gonna squirt a little marinate on there, or. Don't say that word. What, marinate? No. Oh. Squirt. What the fuck, Tanis, you love WuTang Clan. No love for Old Squirty Bastard. Squirt McGirt. Katy, you love Odd Future. You got no love for Earl Sweatsquirt? What about Rush drummer Neil Squirt? Or Squirton Cummings of The Guess Whos? Squirtis Mayfield. Squirt Cobain. Too far. Rosie loves reading Squirt Vonnegut literature. Didn't you ever watch that show when you were a kid, Squirt and Ernie? Katy was watching Squirty Dancing just yesterday. Okay, that's a lie. I was watching Squirty Dancing. It's a great movie. I think it's about time we revisit the Squirty Harry film series. Didn't Kathryn Bigelow direct that movie, The Squirt Locker? We squirtnear forgot about Jamie Lee Squrtis. Fuck! Squirtnear. I don't want the squirt the issue here boys, but I'm a real sucker for pencil squirts. Minisquirts, boys. Fuck, Tanis, you got a half a dozen squirt steaks on the grill right now. What's the problem? Really though, are you gonna squirt a little marinade on there, or. Fuck sake. Allow me to begin my three step tutorial on preachin'. So here's how you start. Step one, guilt blasting'. Take to the pulpit, present yourself to the congregation and you really just let 'em have it. Goes something like this. You're all guilty. You're all sinners. You're all guilty of sin. You're all guilty of not asking for forgiveness. Oh, I know, I know, I know. Here we go. We skip into doopadoopadoo, acting like he isn't even there, he doesn't even matter. Who cares about Jesus. 'Till somethin' goes wrong. Till you're served the lemons. And then suddenly it's, Oh, Jesus, help me. I need you now. I can't remember how to make lemonade. I need your help, Jesus. I've been bad and I'm scared and I'm afraid. Where's my Jesus? Help me Jesus. Kind of mean. Enticing. Step two? Step two. Guilt blastin' through prayer. Five star. So, this one, you wanna dig a little bit deeper, maybe crank everything up to a eleven. Something. Something a little like this. See if you can follow. Oh, Lord, it's us again. Stinky little sinners. Human sacks of garbage! Probably already half way to hell. You know the drill, Lord. When everything's going bad, we come running. When everything's good, poof! We act like your grace is our birthright. Which it is not! Oh, I'm sure you're tired. Lord, you must be exhausted! You already went ahead and died for our sins. Then you went and brought yourself back from the dead. I'm tired just thinking about it. So you rest for a bit, Lord. You rest. And we, we'll just keep doing what we do best. Paving our own roads to hell. You know the drill. Amen! Bewitching. Oh, what's step three? Step three, is the collection plate. Wondrous. Well, that's uh, pretty much all sure about preachin'. So, uh, what are your three steps?. Take this. Press play. And dance. Are you meaning to do the Bison medium well, or. Sure you want that raw chicken so close to the veggies, or. BOTH. Shut up!. hey! Don't talk to them like that. Or what? Or whatever the fuck I want! We hear you like to bark. But do you even bite? Maybe if you spent less time on your backs, yous would know. Or maybe if you spent less time selling cigarettes to kids, you'd know. Uh hmm. This ain't gonna last. Yous ain't foolin' anyone. Yes, it will. Yeah, it will. Start thinking with your big brain not your little brain. They don't need you, Tanis. Nobody does. We've got them now. There's a bit of char on your grill, you gonna scrape that off, or. You gonna bump that heat down or. What's that? Is that a little trouble in paradise? You never complained about Auntie Tanis's cooking. Just sayin'. Enough! You tarts can't handle a barbeque, let alone handle your scandal. I can see your clammy hands from here. Do not say that word. I hate that word. Which one?. Oh. Clammy! Let's just pump the brakes and quick fuckin' sec here your friends in clamellia. Let's get to the clammeat and potatoes of it. What'd, you never listen to Clammy Davis Junior? What's up? Clammy Hagar's the superior Val Halen vocalist. I don't care what anyone else says. Clammy Sosa use to hit them big dingers. What, you never listen to Clammy Wynette? What's the problem? Shut up! Nuff talkin'. Nuff chin waggin'. Which one of yous called my sister a skank? Oh, there's not much I can do about this one, kiddo. It's all right, boo. I got her. Fuck sake. When's the next scrap comin'? Starting to think it's never gonna fuckin' come, fuck. You gonna give those nuggets a flip soon, or. Want me to do it, or. For fuck sakes. Hi, Katy. Hi, KatyKat. Pete and repeat. Ola. So, uh, we were just, we were just wondering. Like we're partners. Kind of. Um, and we work well really together So like, we were wondering if. If I would date both of you again. Actually, yes. Yeah. The truth is, guys, I don't really want to date either of you. It's just not really the right time. BOTH. Oh. And now it's just you guys, so, think of all the snipes. BOTH. Hmm. Big city slams. Oooh. Wheel, snipe, celly boys. Dirty fuckin' dangles, boys! So. you still prefer pussy over a meal made by Auntie Tanis?. They don't need you, anymore. You know what I heard. You guys aren't the only ones in there. Better watch out for that yeast. Do not say that word. Which one, pussy? No. Oh. Yeast! What'd you never watch Beauty and the Yeast growing up? You outta your fuckin mind. What, you never stayed up for the Yeaster Bunny? Yeastern Promises, it's a great movie. Yeastbound and Down is a great shows. You look more suited to the Witches of Yeastwick. Or the Yeast Enders. Done it. Look, all we are saying is Give Yeast a Chance. Have you ever listened to the Yeasty Boys? Ain't you ever been to Yeast Side Marios? This isn't Yeast or Famine. And last but not yeast. Fuck off. I'm fatigued. Feeble. Flimsy. Same. Drained. Dilapidated. Doddering. I feel strangely fine. Bombers? Out of bombers. Rips? Oh, I think, Glen has the rips. Glen. Yes? Did any of those rips survive? Oh, sure. All of them. I didn't touch it. What? But how did you. The power of Christ compels me, Stewart. You're foolin' us. No. I tricked you. And trickery's not a sin. Also, I got you to give God a try for a day. Didn't kill you, did it? No. As it turns out, God is actually pretty metal. Well, of course he's metal. Ain't you never heard of P. O. D.? We concede, Glen. Oh. You have electrified us here today. Oh. We agree to cut the pie. Divvy it up? Yes. We can share the Dollar Store parking lot. Hurray! But you're gonna be on your way now. Woo! I'm. I'm done with this Indian Taco. I'd invite yous over but you're too busy fuckin' up, so. They don't need you anymore. Chicken's dry. What? Nothing. No. What did you say? Chicken's dry. I can hardly swallow it. You want it to be a bit moist. Argh. Don't say that word. What word? Oh. Moist. What? You've never watched Mickey and Minnie Moist growing up? You outta your fuckin' mind? Ronald Moist Donald. Seein' my buddy Ben on Moisture Chefs Canadas? No. But I'm all caught up on How to Moist a Murder. Fuck those Avery's really put their foots in it now, eh? My favorite show is America's Moist Wanted. You gotta respect athleticisms, Connor MoistGregor, Conner MoistDavid, Floyd MoistWeather. Boy, they're all at the top of their classes. They're all driving Moisteradis, that's all I know. May even a Rolls Moist. Or maybe a Moistcedes Benz. No Moistsubishis eclipses in this bunch. They're not using Capital One MoisterCards. Nope. They got Amex Black likely. Moist money, moist problems. You're bum scum, bud. Sled Ted? Rat Ass? Jivin' fuckin' Pete. They've assembled the Degen AllStars. Their organization is baffling. The fuck's your name anyway, bud? Alistair Orson Westwood Yates. Baffling. My name is. Shut the fuck up. Let's see you back it up now, bitch. Tanis! We're gonna get our asses kicked. Not our pig, not our farm, boys. Yous don't need me anymore, remember? I, uh, have kind of been wondering when the next scrap is coming. Oh, fuck. Wait for it. We're so sorry, Auntie. We wanna come back. We miss you, Tanis. You took care of us. We promise, we'll never get blinded by the pussy again. We'll swear off the pussy for two weeks. See what happened here today, ladies. The way to a man's heart ain' through his zipper. Tanis. Hmm? Let's have a scrap. About fuckin' time. I started to think it was never gonna come. Hmm, this is ever good there, Auntie. I know. Thanks, Tanis. Auntie Tanis always takes care of her cubs, wayhey! I was a bit worried when we were cooking the raw chicken so close to the veg, but. Axe! I fuckin' hate that word. What word? Oh. BOTH. Veg. Let me talk you of the vedge, big brother. I guess we're not gonna vedge allegiance to the flag then, eh? Have a dart? Have a Benson and Vedges. Oh, you don't like Peter Gabriel? That fucker wrote VedgeHammer. Stevie Nicks. Vedge of Seventeen. Stevie Nicks is a fuckin' vegendary. Aerosmith, Living on the Vedge. Heath Vedger. Vegendary. You didn't like Edie VedgeWick? That fucker married Kevin Bacon. No, no, no, no, no. That was Keira Vedgewick. Edie VedgeWick was Warhol's girl. Well, I happen to know for a fact that Dan has a full vedge boner for any Vedgewick. Avegedly. Vegitimately. Vedge of Tomorrow starring Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt. Amazing movie. Uhhuh. Well, I don't think you're going to get a word in here, vegdewish good buddy. Prepare the Vegiment. Take them veg or alive. Vegiment! Fire! You were trying to figure out WTF. with your BFFs the other day. You guys ever sexted? No All the times. Do you really? Daily. I'm a bit surprised at you, Squirrely Dan. It's all above water, I assure's you. I'm on a telephone application's called Bumble. It's kind of like Tinder except only the women's can initiate conversations. So, what, they just message you up on your telephone to sex talk? Sex text. Correct. Terrific. I think I've been sexting with a gal, but not too sure. Well, what did she sext ya? LOL. What did you sext her directly before that? Well, I asked her if she wanted to go on a date. That's not sexting. Sure's it is. No, it isn't. Dary asked a gal to go on the date and she texted back LOL's. Yes, so it appears as though that's what went down, Squirrely Dan. Well, that means, Lots of love. No it doesn't. Sure's it does. No it doesn't. LOL means, Laughing out loud. So? So one of two things, super chief. Number A, she thinks the very thought of going on a date with you is laughable. Or number B, the fact that you'd think she'd want to go on a date with you is laughable. Either way you're hooped. So? So she's laughing at you, bud. So it's.not sexting? Figure it out. Maybe she meant, Lots of load. You wanna know what? That's the problem with sexting and texting or technology in general. The world needs less Facebook and more facetoface. More than a bit fuckin' embarrassing, we're all sitting around here trying decipher what three letters might mean. I'm sensing a bit of hostility here, big shoots. Wanna know how my Uncle Ed met my Aunt Mary? Walked right up to her, like a sock hop. Told her he thought she was pretty. Uncle Eddie's was a legend. Aunt Marian, too. Then he asked her if she wanted to dance with him. Like, if she wanted to twist. I bet you he swingdanced her. Before he ballroomed 'er. And she walks over to her gal pals and they're all saying, How about the balls on this sailor. Walks right up to a pretty girl like you asking for a twist. Of course they're all green with envy because no one's asked them to twist. That sounds like Uncle Eddie's all right. Yeah, sounds like par for the course for Uncle Eddie. Don't you think it ends there. It doesn't. Guess who walks into the sock hop like he owns the place? Elvis Presley. King of rock 'n' roll. Walks right up to Aunt Mary and says he ain't nothin' but a hound dog. Oh. Tight spot for Uncle Eddie's. What did Uncle Eddie do? Uncle Eddie? Walks right over to the King of Rock 'n' Roll and puts him on his ass. Wow. Uncle Eddie. Next thing you know, in walks the Rat Pack with Chuck Berry and the Beach Boys who hadn't broken yet but were making a name for themselves as California street toughs. Guess what. all good buddies with Elvis. No. He's a goner. Gotta be. Think again. Uncle Eddie gets a tap on his shoulder, a voice says to him he says, Hey, kid. Need a hand? Guess who? You ever heard of Johnny Cash? Well, now you're spinning's a yarn. The Man In Black himself? You better believe it's the Man In Black. He's with his good pals John Wayne and James Brown who don't take shit off anybody. Everybody knows that. You gonna throw hands at James Brown, I'm sorry you're a goner. Everybody knows that. But they're still outnumbered. So guess who shimmies over in a real bad mood? Who? Little Richard. Gotta be. Hey, you better fuckin' believe it's Little Richard. He's with his good pal Bing Crosby. That's PreWhite Christmas when he was still on the bottle and a nasty drunk. So you know it's on now. Number one selling albums of alltimes, White Christmas. Uh, that's Pre White Christmas. Look out. So fuckin' Buddy Holly walks over and Bertuzzi's Uncle Eddie, right? Next thing you know, Ray Charles has got Buddy Holly in a rear naked. Buddy Holly's tappin', Ray Charles says, No way. It's not how this ends. Cash is over there armbarring Sinatra. Sammy Davis Jr. switched sides halfway through the fight, he's got Dean Martin in an Omoplata. Well, where's Uncle Eddie? Well, what's he gonna do? He's gotta do something. Uncle Eddie's freshly transitioned from a triangle choke in favor of a full mount. He's got Brian Wilson down ready to serve the final blow and someone catches his fist. Guess who? Johnny Cash. Says, Hey, kid. We got this from here. Go get your girl. Uncle Eddie gets up, John Wayne gives him a tap on the butt like they're old locker room pals. Well, what's Aunt Marion's doing? Did he go over to her? Tell you what. She went to him, okay. He scoops her up in his arms, fireman carries her out of there to applause from the sock hoppers who clear a path for them. Takes her for a fuckin' milkshake. Like a real man. Wow. Uncle Eddie. So next time you're thinking about texting a girl to ask her out on a date, I want you to stop and think. About what? About the glory you're leaving on the table. Hey, it's her. Well, what she says?. New phone. Who this? LOL. And that's why I never drink out of Gino Reda's mug again. These sheets are just jibber. Oh, hi. Welcome to Sports Centre. I'm Dan, he's Jay. Hello, Dan. A homegrown feelgood story to round out the program. Local hockey stars Hudson and James Bay return from a stint in Europe to Letterkenny, Ontario. to help their dad do hay. Now what's not to like about that? Oh, boy. Toolesy? Yeah. Letterkenny, Ontario. Problem, Toolesy? No. No problem. Letterkenny, Ontario. Home of local hockey stars Hudson and James Bay. Yeah. Yeah. You ever been to Letterkenny, Jay? I've not had the pleasure, no. As you're aware by now, I'm from Peterborough, Ontario. Yes, I'm aware. Okay. You're familiar with brawls in hockey. Yes, I'm familiar. Yeah, they happen all the time. How about brawls in curling? That's a new one! Okay, that's what happened when Letterkenny's curling team came to Peterborough. A curling brawl? Yeah. A brawl at a curling match. You ever heard of a cribbage brawl? More new territory. Yeah, that's what happened routinely when members of the Letterkenny Legion came and played cribbage tournaments against members of the Peterborough Legion. A cribbage brawl? Yeah. A brawl at a cribbage tournament. Toolesy. You think I'm making this crap up? So what are you sayin' here, Toolesy? Okay, just if I were Hudson and James Bay. Home to do hay. Yeah, yeah. I'd be staying in Europe. Are you ready for this old goat to make your day? Okay. Guess who's coming to visit us this weekend? No way. Way. No way. For hay? For hay. No way. All the way. Who did they say? Well, they didn't, did they? Well, not yet anyway. So go ahead and say. James and Hudson. Bay? Bay. James and Hudson Bay. No way. Way. Home to stay? Just for hay. You don't say. Well, you know, a little bit of work, little bit of play. Hooray. James and Hudson Bay. Hicks all the way. All the way. Oh, look. There's a stray. Those guys are LOL. Legends of Letterkenny. Good workers, too. Well, they're great workers. They put away bales with the best of them. Faster than a fox over a fence. James and Hudson Bay. You wanna know what? The brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud in our own special way. So, stick with tradition? Well, you don't fuck with tradition. Puppers and a pig roast for the brothers Bay. Puppers and a pig. All right well, I'm gonna go talk to Tanis about the pig. You get them cheapest on the Rez. Okay, Katy. Okay. Okay, Dary. Okay. Okay, Dan. Okay. Okay, stray.  But what are we gonna call the party this year? Hay Days. No. A Bay in the Life. We're gettin' warmer. Baywatch. Almost there. Wait! Great day for Bay. Yes. Yeah. Yup. Great Day for Bay. Will somebody help me get that fuckin' stray? Oh, shit, it's gettin' away. Come on, yous two, he just wants to play. Fuckin' beauties, boys. Beauties and beasts. The Brothers Bay. James and Hudson Bay. Hockey players all the way. Bayoootoful. Letterkenny Shamrocks alltime leaders in points, PIMS and plus/minus. Now they're playing in Europe. Imagine all the Amserdamsels in Europe. Be wheelin' abroad all right. International ass. Getting their ass ports stamped. Oh, they're part of the European Poonion now, buddy. Traveling through Titaly for sure. Seeing all kind of Vaticans. Nice mountains in Titzerland, too. Hammerin' all the Croatiass. Smashin' all that Romaniass. Slam crushin' all that Albaniass. Oh, welcome to Bulgearia. Yeah, the Brothers Bay, hockey players all the way. All the way. Droppin' mitts and suckin' tits. Titty validity. Titty stupidity. Home this weekend, buddy. Home this weekend, bro. Gotta do something epic. How are we going to top All Bay, All Night from last year? Fuck! That drew more box than an architect. They'll come up with something. Where there's a will there's a Bay. Europe! Europe! Bay Brothers. Egotistical egotesticles. Stewart! They're your family. Questionable. Undeniable. Unverifiable. Stewart, they're your cousins. There's pictures of you and the Bays together as kids all over your house. My mum's house. Well, you still live there. Roald. Stewart.it is verifiable. This is not a Bay Pride parade. Those Baystards never wanted to hang out with me anyway. I'm nauseated by their hokey hockey hickey shit. I do not want to spend more time down by the Bay. Where the watermelons. Grow up! Hi. What's your name? Zack. Zack. Russell Terrier. Zack Russell Terrier? Present. We're having a BayBQ this weekend, 'cause the Bay brothers Bay are coming home. James and Hudson. Do you know them? We're second cousins. Oh. Their uncle Cal married my Aunt Sue. Oh, which one's a Bay? Aunt Sue was a Bay before she was a Casa. So now she's Sue Casa? Married Calvin Garfield Casa. Goes by Cal Gary. You might know their kids, Sam and Ella. Salmonella? Yeah, Sam and Ella have a halfbrother Ty, as well. Ty Casa. I said halfbrother. His last name's Food. Ty Food? Present. Jesus. What's your name? Katy. Katy what? Wait.you know my half brother, Ash, right? Ash who? Wednesday. Ash Wednesday? MmHmm, that's him. Hangs out with the Books. The Books? Art and Mac. Art Book and Mac Book? Yeah. Know them? Are you fucking with me? No! Zack Russell Terrier and Ty Food ain't fuckin' with you. What's with the pig? The brothers Bay are coming home this weekend, so Saturday we're going to Bay Bash. Big BayBQ. Oh, yeah? What's it called? Great Day for Bay. Nice. Points for Bay Bash as well. It's too bad, though. What's too bad? Well, the Bay Brothers are coming to the Rez on Saturday for a party. They're part native all the way. But, Great Day for Bay. Yeah but, we already got $1,000 on fireworks. Thunder Bay. Saturday. Hmm? Hey, Zack Russell Terrier and Ty Food are going to come. Maybe you'll come, too. Hey. That's barley. Okay. How are you now? You should stand down on Great Day for Bay. What? The Bay Brothers are coming to the Rez for Thunder Bay. They're part native all the way. They're full hick all the way. Plus we already purchased the pig from your people. Yeah, but do you's even know how to cook it? Throw it on a spit and rotate. Don't threaten me with a good time. Okay. What about when you insert the thermometer to check the temperature inside? What about it? I don't know. You tell me. Here's the scoop. We've already planned the party. Yeah, but we've already spent $1,000 on fireworks. I don't want to see that go up in smoke. Up?  What? Nothing. Go ahead. Keeping in mind that you once burnt down the produce stand, a lot has happened since then. The Brothers Bay home for hay is the perfect opportunity for all of us to come together and show them we're proud. So, we would like to invite you and your friends here for Great Day for Bay. Or you can move your party to the Rez for Thunder Bay. 'Cause the Bay Brothers are part native.all the way. They're full hick. All the way. So. You trying to sneak a sunrise past a rooster, Tanis? I don't know. You're the one whose stuck between a cock and hard place. You a breast or thigh guy? They're full hick. Correct. And only part native. Splittin' hairs, but yeah. So we host. Fair. But the name. Great Day for. Uh. What? What? Nothing. You go. How's this? Great Day for Thunder Bay. Great Day for Thunder Bay! Puppers, pigs and pyrotechnics. Puppers, pigs, pyrotechnics and pepperettes. Perfect. See you there, Wayne or shine. Good enough. There'll be fireworks, just like old times. It's been a business doing pleasure with you, Tanis. So, what about that elusive girl of yours? She gonna show her face for once? None of your beeswax. People are talkin' you know. None of their beeswax. Doesn't bother you? Mind your beeswax, Tanis. Hmm . Later, boo. We tried to come up with our own party for the Bay Brothers, but. You's are welcome to come to our party. Wanna know what? The Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud. Yeah. We know. It was just. Just that everyone keeps coming up with cool names for their Bay parties and all we could come up with was Bay There Delilah. Bay Jude was a runner up. And honorable mention, Independence Bay. Yeah, Bay the Earth Stood Still was also a contender. Shout out to Glory Bays. But, credit where credit's due. Great Day for Bay cannot be beaten. So, we'd love to come to your BayBQ. We just told you that you're invited. Fuck, we just fuckin' said! You know what, the Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for all of us to come together and show 'em we're proud. Nice. We're invited. Sick, boys. Sick. How can we help? Well, I haven't heard form the Brothers Bay all day so safe to say they're behind on hay. You should head on over. Lend us a hand. Done. Just like liftin' hockey bags, right boys? On par. Lift with your legs not your back, right boys? Why don't you try both and see which one works out betters for ya? You'll wanna throw on some pants or else you carve your legs all up. Bring some fuckin' Puppers too. Pitter patter. Not gonna do the pants, man. Yeah. Go get beer though. Yes, Stewart you can come to Great Day for Bay. Bayarf. Pardon? Great day for barf. So I take it you won't be coming here then. Oh, we'll be there. To laugh at what losers they are. Bring some fuckin' Puppers. Yeah. Okay, cool. Bye. They never wanted to hang out with me anyway. Time to make those idiots Bay. What does that mean? The expression is, make them pay. I replaced their last name to be clever. Oh. Oh yeah, I know. That's super.super clever. You try! Okay. Uh, go ahead, make my Bay! Satisfactory. What's up? How're you now? Smokin' darts and breakin' hearts. You bring the fireworks? That was the deal wasn't it? Can confirm. She here? Have a fuckin' Puppers. Hey. You wanna see the pig? Solid opening. I checked and it's my cousin Ed who knows you. Oh, Ed who? Ed Monton. Yeah. Yeah. He's friends with my buddy Mike. Which Mike? Check. For sure. Ed Monton was Mike Check's best man at his wedding. Told you they weren't fuckin' with you. Fuckin' babes, eh? Great Day for Thunder Bay, eh boys? Judging by your arms, doesn't like it was that good of a day. Super great day for Thunder Bay, boys. Got an inside look at hick life. Feels pretty good to do some hard labor. Beats the fuckin' gym. Yeah, gym fuckin' sucks, boys. Well, next time you'll know to wear long sleeves and pants. Where's the Bays? Well, according to their parents. George Ian? Fanny's? George Ian Bay and Fanny Bay said Hudson and James Bay went into town for a meeting. A meeting? Well, according to George Ian Bay. Fanny Bay said she couldn't get a hold of James or Hudson Bay all afternoon. You know what, buddy? I haven't been able to get a hold of Big City Slams all afternoon either, buddy. Hey, you boys seen those two gym babes? You know, the two babes from the gym. Are they here? Don't think so boys. Couldn't get a hold of those babes all afternoon. It's them. It's them. Well, Great Day for Thunder Bay, fellows. Welcome home. Thanks Wayne. Welcome home. Thanks Wayne. Brothers Bay home for hay is a chance for us to show you guys how proud we are of you. Thanks Katy. You guys made it all the way to Europe. Welcome home, Hudson. Got to tell us all about Europe. Welcome home, James. Got to tell us all about Europe. We will. We will. In keeping with tradition as promised, Puppers and pig. And pyrotechnics this year, too. Welcome home, pussies. Thanks, Tanis. Thanks, Tanis. But say, what were you guys doin' all day?. We had a meeting. Meeting? Let's call a bay of pigs. There's that gym babe. There's that other gym babe. More like Guantanamo Bay. 'Cause I didn't know whether we were gonna get out alive. Hey, it's Big City Slams. Felt like I was on Bays of Our Lives 'cause there were so many storylines going on all at once. Big City Slams 2, boys. I don't even know what Bay it is. Angie. Never thought I'd be into Bay sex. Thanks for the Bay City Roll, boys. I'll be your Bayonce any day. Well. LOL. Is Stewart here? Hudson? Stewart. James. Stewart. Can we finally hang out? Hang out? Let's have a fuckin' Puppers. I'd love a fucking Puppers. I just always figured you didn't want to. You know, the whole hicks versus skids thing. They're hockey players all the way, boys. Part native all the way, too, boys We're family. All the way. You guys do rips?. Hard no. But do you rip Chel? 'Cause we will rip Chel. Oh, Stewart. Goddamn right I rip Chel. You guys got rips? We got rips. They'll do rips. No rips. But we'll rip Chel, boys. Are you boys talking about what I think you're talking about? What if we are? I'm calling the cops. No. Just kidding. Do some rips. We're gonna need more rips. I got rips. Then it's on. Chel. You god damn right, it's on. Chel. In rips. Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Chel. In rips! Hats off to Tanis, boys. She's certainly a great day for Thunder Bay. Tanis has out done's herself.You got invited to a party the other day. The McMurrays have invited us over for a BBQ this afternoon. That'll be a soft pass for me. Just a soft pass? A super.soft pass. Well, why is that? You got something else on the go, big shooter? Well, ah, you know, it's just Saturday. Rosie scooch on over. Watch a little TV. Bob's your uncle. Do I have to remind you that you are in a longterm relationship. And.? And as such you are obliged to partakes in some socials stimulations from times to time, lest the young lady becomes rastless. Rastless? Rastless. Well, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, bud. Sure. But you can't just watch TV and have sex every night, Wayne. Sometimes Netflix and chill just ain't enough. A young lady deserves more than just Amazon Primes and sexy times. YouTube and lube isn't gonna cut it. You can't just stream it and cream it, bud. There's more to life than a little Hulu and youscrew, big brother. Gotta step out of your comfort zone. There's not a goddamn thing wrong with a little Playstation Vue and I service you. Not a goddamn thing. A little Project Free TV and you service me. A little Pirate Bay with some sexual spray. A couple of torrent sites minus the bed lights. What about a little satellite and an overnight? A little satellite and tickle fight. Invite a friend over for Direct TV and a menage a three. Yeah, there's more to life than a li'l HBO and a go, big brother. You gotta step out of your comfort zone. Wanna know what? I don't know who called it the comfort zone, but I'm pretty sure they called it that 'cause everything inside that zone's good and comfy. So once you get outside of that zone, fuck. Well, that's when things can get a bit dicey. Oh! Ooh. Welcome to Chez McMurray. MR. Oh, ho. Or, Fort McMurray. Here you go, babe. Whatever you're into that's what I always say. McMurray!. Wayne, how're you now?. How'r you. Oh good. Not s'bad. I'm not s'. I'm good. Just go! Where. where is your better half, Wayne? Reading a book. All right. Well, everybody make yourself at home. We got cold beer and frozen marg mix. Oh, yeah. You got blueberry, avocado passion fruit margs? We got agave prickly pear marg mix. Mhh hmm. Colada mix, too. You got kiwi fruit cucumber jalapeno pina colada? We got charred orange ruby red grapefruit pomegranate pina coladas. Even got daiquiri mix, too. Oh, you got whole citrus hungry gal magic low cal daiquiris? We got smoky watermelon michelada aqua velva aqua fresca super, super duper, super sipper Daiquiris. Good enough. Whatever you're into is what I always say. That's right. Plus, we got a shit ton of super fun shit planned for today. Oh, boy. All kinds. Just went down and got myself a brand spankin' new karaoke machine down at the swap meet. Oh, boy. It's only got the Chinese songs, but it works just fine. All right, lemme run down the house rules. Rule number. You must have fun. That's it. That's the only fuckin' rule. That's easy to remembers then. I hope everybody remembered to bring their swim trunks. Come on down, folks. Don't be shy. The jets are powerful and the water is warm. Plenty room for everybody. Amen. Oops. Oh, no. I went ahead and dropped an olive. Oh! Oh, ooh. There it is. Oh. I feel it. Sure do. Thank you, Gail. I forgot my swim trunks, so. You forgot to bring a set? Didn't bring a set. You didn't bring a set? Didn't bring a set. You didn't bring a set? I didn't brings no sets. You, even you didn't bring a set? I didn't bring a set. Don't worry. We got a whole bunch of extra swim trunks in the closet. So no fuckin' excuses, okay? I'd hammer a cock suckin' gin and tonic, that's all I know. Who wants to jump in the tub, or. can I offer somebody some fruit? Or maybe an oyster? Where is Wayne? Out having a dart, likely. Hm. Thought Wayne would love a good tub? Who wouldn't love a good tub? Well, he does. He just says that if you spend too much time in the water, you end up looking like a golden raisin. I think I just brushed up against a couple of golden raisins. Gail, oh, my. Scandal. Hmmm. Would anyone care to play a game? Has anybody ever played Never have I ever? Nevers. Never? Never ever. Not even once. It is a dandy little drinking game we picked up down 'Minican. We go down 'Minican twice a year, that's all I know. Still don't get down 'Minican enough, baby, that's true. Was down 'Pulco pertnear every winter 'til fellas started gettin' hanging from bridges with their dinks cut off. Crying shame because Sinatra used to have a place down 'Pulco. You know, JFK and Jackie O had their goddamn honeymoon down 'Pulco. But we picked up Never Have I Ever down in 'Minican. K. So, how it works is this. You say, Never have I ever done such and such a titillating and or embarrassing act and if you've done it, you drink it. Get it? Got it. I'll start. Fire away, baby. And make it randy. Oh, yeah. Uh, let's see, never have I ever made whoopee with more than one person at a time. We're going from zero to sixty I take it. Uh hm. Oh. Your turn, baby. All right. Never have I ever felt strong sexual urges towards another spouse, significant other or sibling. That's very specific. Hey, Wayne, how's your beer?. I'd have a beer. Katy, don't. Can you can bring me over one of them cocksuckers, that's what I always say. Buddy, I think we plateaued. What are you talking about, buddy? Like I'm not seein' any gains, bro. I've been free posing in front of the mirror at home. Maybe it's time we did a full circuit together, ferda. Ferda. Pose def. I think you're right, buddy. Yeah, I haven't seen any gains all year, bro. We gotta make some serious gains for next season, ferda. Capital gains, buddy. Coach has already texted sayin' how are the gains going, boys. Saying what? Saying, how are the gains going, boys. Can't let coach down, buddy. Not an option, bro. He'll send something flying. Scares the shit out of me, sometimes. Our gains have to eclipse general team gains, buddy. You wanna be the guy to walk into the room and none of the boys see gains? If gains fall in the forest and no one's around to see it, nobody really sees any gains. If you don't see gains, what do you see?. Excuses. We can't be those guys, buddy. No excuses, buddy. Clock's ticking, bro. Not a lot of time for gains, bro. Charlotte Gains, bro. No. We need a surge of gains, bro. Canseco, buddy. Sammy Sosa, buddy. At what cost, Buddy? What's the cost of juice, buddy? Maybe rip a quick half cycle. Maybe we just dig deep. Bare down. Or. Roger Clemens, buddy. Hey! What? AllStar pitcher, buddy. Tarnished reputation, buddy. Hey! What? Starting pitcher for the Toronto Blue Jays, buddy. Just a half cycle? Just a quick half cycle. Push through the plateau, kick start the muscle fibers, go cold turkey before the season starts, buddy. Cold turkey? Cold turkey. Au naturale. Au naturale. Naturale. Au naturale. Ferda. Ferda. Yeah, but wait! Where do we get the juice from, ferda? Oh, I think I know just the place, buddy. Tanis? How'r. .now? So where's this party at? Basement. Don't see your swim trunks. Didn't bring a set? No, I didn't bring a set. Well, inside they'll likely have a set. Didn't know I'd need that set. They'll get you a set. You know what the McMurrays are up to, right? I have an inkling. And you don't mind leaving your girl down there with them? She didn't make the trek. Reading? Can't confirm. Doesn't that make you think she up to something? Makes me think it's a pretty good book. Must be like. Carrie? Well, when the cat's away the mice will play. Hmm? The rats too, apparently. You're dirty, huh. All right, I'm gonna go home. I just came here for you, boo. You know we have a really big library on the Rez too, if you're into nerdy girls, I can show you my spine label, you can show me your hard cover. On a. How's your beer, big brother? I'd have a beer. So, tell me, how do you boys feel about havin' adventures? Well, I'm not against havin' adventures. Then how do you feel about trying new things? Well, like I always say, varieties is the spices of life. Mrs. McMurray and I couldn't agree more. That's all I know. In fact, the more you get to know us both, the more you realize that we're very broadminded. That's what I always say. Well, the other day, I tried cinnamon chewing gum for the first time. Huh. Well, it was a little bit spicy for my taste, I can't say that I didn't like it. Gotta love those spicy little cocksuckers, uh? Okay. Katy, how's your beer?. I'd love a beer. Oh, huh. Ah, I lost another one. Whoopsie daisy. Slippery little buggers. Oh! She's in the neighborhood. Maybe it's time to get going. Agreed. How do we do that? Guess what? DARYL AND. What? This may very well call for the Irish Goodbye. What's the Irish Goodbye? Well, that's when you leave without saying bye to anyone. Also known as the French Exit or Houdini. Thought the French Exit was when you climax on a gal, and you leave without cleaning it up. It's almost not worth thinking about, Dary. Technically, a French Exit is when you leave without paying the bill. But in this case, that is not applicable. Guess what?. What? This may very well call for the Turkish Takeoff. What's a Turkish Takeoff? That's when you pull a fire alarm and leave with a stranger. Guess what?. What? This very well may call for the old Tokyo Sayonara. What's Tokyo Sayonara? Well, that's when you leave and only say goodbye to the cat. Maybe this calls for. No!. What? Maybe this calls for the Letterkenny Leave. No! Letterkenny Leave? That's when you steal a twofour and walk through a sliding glass door. Well, desperate times. Desperate measures. I don't think we're there just yet. But, why not, let's continue to monitor the situation. Time for more mix. I'll get the colada mix, baby. Dart? I'd have a dart. Squirrely Dan. Waynes. Has it occurred to you that those two may be members of. Of the Lifestyle? Like the agricultural management lifestyle? Sure they are. No, Dan. The Lifestyle. Like the livestocks management lifestyle. Of course they are. No, Daniel. The Lifestyle. Oh, dairy farming lifestyle. You guys know they are. Squirrely Dan! Uhhmm? Uh, the Lifestyle? No, I'm not too sure what you're driving at here, big shooter. All righty. Who wants to play Pass the Banana? Well, well, well, my chemical bromance. Bro Thornton and Bro Jonas. We're in the market for some banned substances, buddy. Oh, and you've come to us. How flattering. We've got substances. And guess what? Newsflash, Bill the thrill O'Reilly. they're all banned. So what will it be, Geoff and Rus Courtnall. You know what a nose beer is? Booger sugar. .tini. The cola. No. No. Then what will it be, Wayne and Keith Primeau? You into sextaxcy? Rollsy pollsy's? The beans? The disco biscuits?. No. Do not tell me you've come here looking for pot. No, no, we're looking for some, uh. Juice. Huh? Sauce. Huh? Gear. Steroids. Ah! Abombs. Antihero. Gym candy. Why didn't you say so?. What the fuck? Jesus. Edibles. You're welcome. So, you wish to improve upon that form God gave you. Just a halfcycle, buddy. Ah, sweet hubris. Oh, what's that? Excessive pride, or self confidence. Arrogance. Pomposity. Egotism. One does not simply hop on or of the Anabolia Express. No. You ride that juice train all the way to the end of the line. Choochoo. No, we're just trying to push through a plateau, so. Need more Charlotte Gains, bro. Just a quick Serge of Gains, bro. Before the season starts, going cold turkey. Yeah, au naturale. Yeah. Famous last words, gentlemen Have you discussed side effects? What side effects? Oh, just a little dilemma known as severe back acne. Bacne? It's fine. And a little complication, acute testicular shrinkage. Testicle shrinkage? Nobody's testicles are going to shrinkage, buddy. Of course that can of worms known as 'roid rage. That actually happens, buddy. Almost to everyone, buddy. Pay the man. I mean, maybe we should just, you know. Dig deep, you know. Bare down. I mean, side effects, buddy. But you guys should be good. Yeah, we should be good. Should be good. Yeah? We should be good? I wouldn't worry. No. No, it should be good. For sure? If you want my honest opinion, you should be good. 'Cause if like you say we're good. You're good. Yeah? You should be good. Wheel, snipe, celly boys. Yeah, dirty fuckin' dangles, boys. Pay the man. Did I ever tell you about my friend, JuanJorge? No, I don't believes you haves. Well, JuanJorge is one of our closest and dearest friends. We met him and his wife down 'Minican. Mmhm. JuanJorge is a birdwatcher. Or a birder as they prefer to be called, these days. Hmm. Anyway, one day in a hot tub, not unlike this one, JuanJorge told first me about the common cuckoo bird. The cuckoo bird has a peculiar habit of laying its eggs in another bird's nest. Well, that is a peculiars habits. And it is from this peculiar habit, that we get the English term cuckold. Huh. Are you familiar with that term, Squirrely Dan? I believes I have heards in passings, yes. JuanJorge believes cuckoldry to be the purest and highest form of sexual arousal. This JuanJorge sounds like a real interestings fellas. Uhhmm. You better believe it, that's all I've got to say. Oh, you better believe it. In fact, according to JuanJorge only the sweet, sweet agony and pure psychological torment of watching a physically superior man pleasure his beloved wife is enough to truly excite him. Just look at this big ol' paw of yours, huh? Look at that cocksucker, baby. See, now most people think just about one fella sleeping with another's wife, but no, JuanJorge believes and explains in such an arrangement, that the real and true connection is in fact, between the bull. And the cuckoo bird, so to speak. Huh. Daryl, how's your beer?. Yeah, I could have a beer. Maybe it's time we pulls a Brexit. WAYNE, KATY AND. Shh. Guess what?. What? It very well maybe time to pull the Singapore Scram. What's a Singapore Scram? It's when you grab onto a rope wire and have a helicopter fly you out of there. Nobody's flying away anywhere, that's all I know. Hell, no. It's karaoke time. Over and out. What's on the menu this evening, my dear? I need my rits. Hmm. Burning the candle at both ends, are we? Finals are coming. I need my rits to study. Well, don't move. Darien. The Ritalin. Good luck on your exams. These aren't my rits. Come again? Anabolic steroids. Those are 'roids not 'rits. But that means. I need my rits. That means you sold the gym rats rits, not 'roids, you rapscallion. I need my rits not 'roids. Those were meant to be rits not 'roids. Yet, here we are, 'roids not rits. Uh hm. Rittidiculous. Oh, 'roidally. Rits! Locked and loaded, bro. Bring on the gains, boys. Capital gains, boys. Charlotte Gains, bro. A quick Serge of Gains, bro. Focus is? Traps and tri's buddy. Traps and tri's, bro. We should be ripping sand bell slammers. We should be ripping kettleball sumo deadlifts. We should be ripping standing Vbar pushdowns. We should be ripping cable hammer curls with rope attachment. We should be ripping close grip EZ bar curls with band. We should be ripping standing dumbbell reverse spider curls. We should be ripping two arm barbell wide grip preachers curls. Like Arnold, buddy. Uhhmmm. I don't know what's going on but I don't feel like ripping VBar tricep pushdowns. Maybe it's the half cycle, buddy. I know what you mean, buddy. Maybe we should rip a full cycle, buddy. Full cycle, buddy. Ferds. Uh, great. One more rip and then we rip super sets of standing sand bell tricep extendies. One more rip and we rip standing bicep stretchies. We should b ripping one arm cable curlies. We should be ripping advanced alternate air bike ab rollies. We should be ripping rollout incline heel touchies. We should be ripping bent press barbell side bendies. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. We should be ripping. Judo flippies Russian cable twisties, ferda! Ferda. So if we rip ten super sets at a rate of ten or every fifteen minutes, that's. How many reps per super set, buddy? Twenty reps per super set. Make that 30. Done, buddy. Now double it. If we rip 60 reps per super set at a rate of 10 every 15 minutes, that means we'll need to rip sixteen and a half more halfcycles before the next season starts. Can't let coach down, buddy. Not an option, buddy. It's beautiful. We're gonna need a bigger blackboard. What's this, boys? Nothing, Snipes. Nothing, Snipes. Does Ritalin help get gains? Should we try it? Rits not 'roids, then? Those are rits. Not 'roids?. Rits not 'roids, boys. Maybe we should dig deep? Bare down. Natural gains, bro? A Serge of Natural Gains, bro. Au naturale. Au naturale. She's got the voice of an angel, doesn't she? Oh, it's catchy. Oof! Bravo! Bravo and brava. And then there were four. Oh, yeah. I have a few ground rules I'd like to cover. Pertaining to. Shoot. No open mouth kissing on the mouth. Pardon? Observed. Figging and cupping and light electroplay are all on the table. But I do have soft limits on K9 role play and mummification. Excuse me? Observed. No tushy play unless I ask for it and I will ask for it. What? Observed. Once we get started, it is recommended that you do not look me directly in the eye. Safe word. Huh? Close, Glen, but my safe word is uhunn. Once again? Uhunnn! Oh! Oh, my, you all are polyamorous. Bingo! Despite being in wedlock. Bullseye. Oh, that's a sin. I'm going to have to skedaddle. Tokyo Sayonara for me. Where's that kitty? Squirrely Dan. Uhhuh? So now do you see what we mean by the Lifestyle? Yup. Who'd have thought the McMurrays would've been the swinging type. I could have told you that before we got over there, bud. Nobody wouldsa thunk it. Pertnear, everyone in town thunk it. Why do you think Rosie stayed home to read? It must be a pretty good book. It must be like. The Boy at The Leafs Camp. They seem so normal. Do they? They walks among us. Undetecteds. Well, I say, live and let live. Oh, me too. Yeah. To each his and hers own. Am I right? Sure. But you wanna know what? It sure is nice to be back in the comfort zone. Hi, Rosie. . a little Crave and misbehave? Hard yes.Your gal has a cousin who's spun and she is no longer your hun. 'Cause you had to pop'em and boy did you drop 'em. Yeah, you did what had to be done. Came to you after having a bar fight. Felt like you got hit by a car, right? But your pal had your back, went on the attack, but it turned off his gal like a night light. That Godfearing sackofshit, Bradley, came in and he fucked up so badly, that your brother stepped in, which his gal calls a sin, but, I'd do the same fucking gladly. Well, you're not really sure as what went down. But you hears you look like a real clown. Your pal had a scrap like a real proper snap. And since he's been wearing a frown. Katie chose me over Jonesy, I don't like that he's all alonesy. But I'm getting laid, I don't hate that trade, I just wish that she had a clonesy. Katy cat dumped me for Reilly. It sucks, may put it dryly. He's getting laid, and I can live with that trade. It's just kinda tough to be smiley. Been hoovering bombers and rips, eating zoomers and taking mad dips. There's no end in sight, but I am on an apt flight, so fuck off with all your guilttrips! The Church said, No more to my teachings. Been filling the void with street preachings. I'm out in the rain, and I haven't seen Wayne. Us together is not too farreaching. Wayne knocked out Bradley, and I'll say, through that bullshit, Rosie won't stay. It sucks for me cause there's no guarantee I'll see either of them on my birthday. It's been two months since Rosie went packing. And sure, your love life has been lacking. But a friend backs a friend, and on that, you don't bend. She's onwards and upwards. Get cracking. Gail's birthday party tonight at MoDeans two. MoDeans two. MoDeans two. You want MoDeans two around over there, Wayne? MoDeans two must choring to do. How about a little bit of MoDeans togetherness? Now no needs to fight MoDeans tooth and nails over. Good thing I'm getting good at MoDeans tootin' out the negativity. Oh, quit MoDeans tooting your own horn there, Wayne. Why don't you quit being such a MoDeans tool over there, Daryl? All right, let's put this fight to the MoDeans tomb. Good. There's always MoDeans tomorrow. Well, MoDeans to be fair.  To be fairs, now it seems like you're doing all this work to distract yourself from feelings you don't wants to be dealing with. Get real. It's a lot of work, Wayne. Well, do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life. Stormy comes out of the barns yet? Hey, boys. Did you miss me? Anyone ever tell you what an asshole you look like? You're a complete fucking flop, bud. Pull your finger out of your ass, you fucking pipe fitter. I'd rather be watching a hobo jerk off. I think we'd be lucky a hobo jerk off right now. I'd rather watch a paper cut in slowmo. I'd rather be watching a tenman lemon party on an IMAX movie screen. Don't let grammy google that one. You know what, you'd be my grammy's soulmate, cupcake. You're bumfluff, buds. Sing a song or something. Do a trick. You're useless. What's your laundryfolding channel, hun? I bet you know exactly how many days it is until Christmas, don't you, bud? Wait! What? Go fuck yourself, you silly fucking buttcrusty. You're a Danish in a donut shop. You're a cup of baby carrots, you fucking asshole. Where's your kittypetting partner there, pussy? I don't even know what your name is, bud. My friend's name is Jonesy and my. Reilly, get in the house. Well. back to choring. Yeah, I do kind of wonder what that other nutsack's been up to. Who brought the rocket, boys? Those billet brother's a fucking rocket boys. Wanna watch me shoot for my point, bud? I got a stick he can handle. No penalty for hair pulling in this game. I'd check you from behind. Let's play dirty snipe. Let's muck it up. Different kind of headshots over here, bud. Don't need a Conky to enter my dark room, rocket. We love stick swinging, boys. How about a quick poke check? I love a good spear in the slot room. You like a long twig or a short twig? I'll show you an illegal curve. Lay some skin, Mark. Coming right up, Dax. I miss my buddy. I'll be your buddy. I'll be your buddy. What are we even doing here? How are you now?  Good. And you? Then tell it to your face. Okay. Sure is nice to have a break from choring. Thanks for the help. If it's good for the goose, it's good for the gander. Well, more hands make less work. Yeah, but, it's a lot of work, Wayne. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. So, Stormy wouldn't come out of the barn this morning to eat her breakfast. Wouldn't even touch it till I moved inside. You should try to mix some Vitamin D in there too, because likely she hasn't been getting enough from the sunlight. Naturally, and what not. Well, like that's what I think a vet would say. Yeah, I really do feel like the vet might say that. You know the only other dog Stormy's ever taken to is Rosie's stud Seado. Now, he is such a good boy. Oh, he's a good boy. Who's a good boy? Yes, he is such a boy. Well, then do it for Stormy. She's such a good girl. Oh, what a good girl. Who's a good girl? Yeah, she is such a little girlie. Plus, Stormy and Seado did have the most beautiful litter we've ever had. Who's a good little puppy? Who's a little puppy? So little. Where's her belly? That little puppy. Now who wants a little itchings and a scratchings? You're just a little puppy with your little belly. I see you, little puppy. Who wants the scratches on their bellies? You wants the scratches on their bellies. Who likes a little itchings and scratchings behind their ears? So, it's settled. I'll give Rosie a call, tell her to bring over Seado. Hard no. Too busy. Back to choring. No! Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. How're you doing, buddy? I'm good. Good. You look kind of bummed, buddy. Yeah. Kind of bummed, buddy? No, I'm just a bit lonely. But, I'm good, bro. You know, I'm so good, it's good. Yeah, totally. Yeah, good, dude. You know, I'm. I'm kinda bummed too. Yeah? It's just. Katy's always making me do stuff for her, and she's never hanging out with me. She's really busy, helping Wayne doing his stuff, and it's like. I'm good though. Dude, I'm also so good, bro. I'm so good. I'm so sick, bro! Bro! I'm super good! Good, bro! I'm so good. I am, dude. I'm having the best time. Having the best time. Ever. Nothing's wrong in my life. Best times. You good? Hey, Adam and Steve.  Stewart! I always support you. This is our place to dance. To disco. To get dirty. I'm not here to dance, heathen. Unless, well. Unless you ask me to, Roald. I'm here to street preach. After the church of spiritual humanism. Isn't it church of human spiritualism? No, isn't it the church of humanly spiritualists? The church of spiritual humanism formerly the church of spiritual humanism's science. Totally. Totally. After the church of spiritual humanism no longer required me to serve him under their roof, budget cuts, you know how that goes, I asked him to guide me to where I was needed. Him guided me to here. Rips. Rips? Ripsy do! Rips around a religious person? It's weird. Glen, this is where we do rips. Stewart, this is where I do revelations. What are you guys doing? Like we go to the gym and do reps? This is the area for rips. We just want to do reps. But we could all do revelations. We don't want to do revelations. Just reps. Want rips? No rips. Just reps. What about reps and revelations? Just reps! We cannot do rips and revelations. There will be no rips done in his presence! However, I can envision the scenario in which I'm doing revelations and you two are doing reps, and I'm watching, and I like it. Just reps! Just reps! Rips. Reps! Revelations! Rips! Reps! Revelations! Rips! Reps! Revelation! Hey!. Bonnie McMurray! I called the cops. Rips! Reps? Reps? Revelations. How are you now? Good, and you? Then, tell that to your face. You know, he's a shorthaired dog. You don't need to brush him twice a day. You know, you don't need to watch me brush him twice a day. Get a hobby. Get a kite. You know what? Take a fucking break from choring. It's a lot of work, Wayne. Well, do what you love, and you'll never work another day in your life. Come on, Gus. He is such a good boy. That's just what he is. If you never had to work another day in your life, what do you think you'd be doing?. That's a very good question, Derry. What would you do if you never had to work another day in your life? Well, pull on it, likely. I was just thinking, I'd have plenty of times for batching. We'd have so much time for mixing a batch. I'd mix a hardy batch. If I never had to work another day in my life, I'd be wailing on it. Or just hammering on it. It'd be like I was back in high school. beat my bread like it owes me money. I'd mix more bats than Betty Crockers. Play more horn than a trombone player. You know, I used to have pole position in many a fivefinger race. I've handled some shower stinkys. Beats sitting around scratching crotch all day. Or bust like Humpty Dumpty. I'd carry bigger wads than Tony Soprano. You know, we've been out weighing chores so much, I can't remember the last time I leaned into one. Yeah. Say, is there matinee game on, no?. What sport?. I don't know. Ball. Yes. Yes, I do believe there's a game this afternoon. You see that movie Get Out yet? Twice. Good fucking movie. Did you hear they're making a Canadian version? No. Called Get out. Happy birthday, Gail. Thanks, Katy cat. Rosie, how are you now? Good, and you? Tell that to your face. Okay. What's cooking, goodlookin'? Stormy. She won't leave the barn. I heard. Seado hasn't been himself either. Dogs, am I right? It's a lot of work. Do what you love, and you'll never work a day in your life. Say, what would you do if you never had to work a day in your life? Read. I think I'll go do that now. Happy birthday, cousin. Bye, Katy. I'll tell you what I'd do. Shauna Gastonbrew? That, and. No, I meant for me. I'd diddle my skittle Oh? Till she spittles. For fuck's sakes. I'd flick my bean like a rousing game of . for sexy results. I don't doubt it. I mean it. You haven't seen a climax like this since Karate Kid crane kick. Bye, Gail. I've wet more skin than a public pool. I've reached more peak than a sherpa. So you sure you don't wanna come with us to Gail's birthday party there, big sugar? Too much choring to do. See the wet wheel out of here. What's the frequency there, Kenneth? Stormy got a finger in the bum. Was it a. Twoknuckler. Like a horizontal knuckler? Hard no. That means that a twoknuckler. Can confirm. A person has two knuckles, okay? One, two. It's not knuckle. I asked. I asked the vet if that sort of person has two knuckles per finger. One, two. Okay? It's clinical. So, I don't wanna hear another word about it. Fuck. Fair enough, good buddy. That might be something. What? Firing knuckles up animals bums all day. What do you mean? Well. that could be a lot of work. Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. Wayne, how are you now? Good, and you? Then, tell. Tell that to your face. Yes, Katy, it's really funny how you keep saying that. What's the deal with Stormy? Physically, she's in ship shape. She's chiseled out of stone. The vet says that she's the healthiest German Shepherd she's ever seen. Vet like Shepherds. Oh, the vet love Shepherds. Shepherds are fucking lovable. So then, what's the problem? Vet said she might be depressed. Dogs get depressed? Get real! Well, then, you and Stormy make a fine pair of poopy pants then. Fly a kite, Katy. The only difference is that Stormy can't talk. I bet if she could talk, then she would tell us what's wrong so we could do something to fix it. You can talk. And it would be wise for you to use that luxury to tell the appropriate parties what's wrong so we can do something to fix it. Just some food for thought there, poopy pants. Hey, Seth. Hey, Seth! Fuck a duck. Super. You brought the fucking rocket, boys? Those Billet brothers are fucking rocket, boys? Let's play a little twoonone scheme. I'll play left, he'll play right, you fit in the middle. Ride the pine, we'll change onthefly. Let's find your neutral zones. I'd love to backcheck you, bud. It's a buttending clinic over here, boys. You make my stick hot. Get it? Come penetrate the slot, mister. You a good Dman? Sure, you're a good D. Man. Why don't you go up and lay me some of that skin, honey? Coming right up, Daxie. I miss my buddy. I'll be your buddy. I'll be your buddy. What're we even doing here? How are you now? Hail the Lord casteth Satan from the dollar storeth parking lot! And the Lord showedeth Satan no mercy. And the Lord casteth Satan into the deaths of the bowels of the pits of hell. Gentlemen. How goeth your revelations, Glen? Divine, Stewart. How goeth your rips? Celestial. There's no place for rips among revelations! Revelations haveth no place among rips! Then I believe we haveth our conclusion. That we doeth. Battle blitzkrieg. Conflict. Crash! Havoc! Hostility! War! War! How are you now? How are you now? Well, good, and you? Well, good, and you? Then tell that to your face. Then tell that to your face. What about Stormy? Not so good. Seado's been a pile, too. He's such a good boy. Yes, he is such a boy. You knocked out my cousin. My loyalty to my family will not be compromised. Your cousin knocked out my friends. My loyalty to them will not be compromised. Good enough. We're here for the dogs. Okay. Pitter patter. Bless her. Bradley? I'm at my second favorite cousin's birthday party and I don't see my favorite cousin or her dude, Wayne. Where you at? We're at Wayne's. Put me on speaker phone. Yo, Wayne. Bradley. This ain't Biggie and Pac. Nobody dead, nobody dying. I knocked out Wayne's friends, you knocked me out. We squared off and did it the right way. There's got to be a winner, there's got to be a loser. Yo, Wayne, I couldn't do it the night up on account of being unconscious and shit. Good, scrap, my dude. Yeah, that was a pretty good scrap. Last time I checked, that's how shit gets done. You got a problem you can't solve with words, you throw hands. After that, it's finished. I got no problems with you, Wayne. I got no problem with you, Bradley. Actually, I got a lot of time for dudes like you. Good ol' boys are a dying breed. Good ol' boys gotta keep the good ol' boys that are alive. I agree. Good ol' boys are a dying breed. And you're funniest fucking guy I know, Bradley. I mean, seriously. What say, you two quit being fools this damn minute? Ain't got no time to waste on this planet. That's what's up. You know, the Little Bones game is tied over there right now. That's what's up. That's what's up. That's what's up. You're damn right, that's what's up. Now, get your asses down to my second favorite cousin's birthday party. Okay, everybody, and who wants a big happy birthday together!. Happy birthday to Gail! Whoo! Yeah. Relationships, it's a lot of work. Do what you love. And you'll never work a day in your life. 